{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0409\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0509200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0526200900, Removed superfluous symbol font.\par
v1022200900, Localization tasks.\par
v1029200900, Modified #342, Vertical and Horizontal for #343, #344\par
\
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Help topic undefined\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
This \b Properties\b0  window allows you to personalize your pointing device settings. Use the menu tree to the left to access the customizable features.\par
\par
\b HELPME the Properties Window\b0\par
Click on a feature in the menu tree to see a page of settings for that feature. Some features have several pages of settings. Click on the \b +\b0  (plus sign) next to a feature to see all its related pages. The settings will appear in the window to the right of the menu tree. Information about these options and instructions on how to change them will appear here in this information box. You can use the scroll bar to view the contents of the information box.\par
\par
\b Defaults Button\b0\par
The \b Defaults\b0  button returns all the settings on the current page back to their factory-set values.\par
\par
\b OK Button\b0\par
The \b OK\b0  button saves your changes and closes the Properties window.\par
\par
\b Cancel Button\b0\par
The \b Cancel\b0  button closes the Properties window without saving any changes and reverts to all the previous settings.\par
\par
\b Apply Button\b0\par
The \b Apply\b0  button saves your changes, but keeps the Properties window open so you can make more changes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
The \b Enable buttons\b0  check box enables the "mouse" buttons for this pointing device. To configure the action performed when you press a button, select the name of the button from the menu tree. For example, you could define the right button to "go to a web page in your default browser."  Each time you click the right button on your pointing device, your web browser would automatically open and load the specified page.\par
\par
When \b Enable buttons\b0  is not selected, the buttons are disabled and pressing them has no effect; tapping is the only way to click with your pointing device.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Scroll item under pointer\b0\par
Select this option if you want to scroll the window or item that is under the pointer. With this option you do not need to click on a window first in order to scroll it.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
Select an action from the list above to assign it to the selected button. The selected action will occur every time you press the button.\par
\par
If you are unable to select an action from the list, ensure the buttons are enabled. To enable the buttons, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b Buttons\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select the \b Enable buttons\b0  check box.\par
3.\tab Select the button from the \b Buttons\b0  menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
This button brings up a configuration dialog box pertaining to the action selected in the list box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
The \b Press-to-Select\b0  feature allows you to use tapping and pressing motions to perform "mouse" clicks.\par
\par
Tapping or pressing on the tip of the pointing stick is the same as clicking the left mouse button. However, tapping or pressing can be quicker and more convenient than using the mouse button.\par
\par
"Tapping" means quickly striking and then releasing your finger from the top of the pointing stick. A light, quick tap works best. Very hard or slow taps are less effective. Tap once for a single click, or twice in rapid succession for a double-click.\par
\par
"Pressing" means swiftly pushing down on the top of the pointing stick with your finger. A light, deliberate press works best. Press straight down to simulate clicking and holding the mouse button. Press straight down and then to the side to click-and-drag in any direction. Release the pressure when you want to release the mouse button.\par
\par
Select the \b Enable Press-to-Select\b0  check box to enable this feature.\par
\par
The physical buttons can also be used to click; if you clear this check box, the physical buttons are the only way to click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
This menu tree lists the options for your pointing device. To configure an option, click on the entry corresponding to the option.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
The \b Pointer Motion\b0  settings pages allow you to specify how the "mouse" pointer on the screen moves in response to your pointing actions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
The \b Constrained Motion\b0  feature allows you to force purely horizontal or vertical motion of the pointer on the screen. This feature is most useful when using a drawing program. You activate Constrained Motion by pressing and holding a specified key while moving the pointer. When the key is pressed, the initial direction of your pointer motion determines the allowed direction of movement for as long as your finger remains on the TouchPad.\par
\par
To enable the Constrained Motion feature:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable constrained motion\b0  check box to enable the options in the list box.\par
2.\tab Choose a key from the list box for activating Constrained Motion.\par
3.\tab Press and hold the selected key whenever you want to constrain pointer motion.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select means left click\b0\par
This option produces a left mouse click when you tap or press on the pointing stick. A right mouse click is generally used to display a context pop up menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
These keys can be used to activate the Constrained Motion mode. Select the key of your choice by clicking on the entry in the list box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
The \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 feature is designed to simplify long-distance pointer motions. When your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad, the pointer will continue to move in the same direction until you lift your finger. Select one of the EdgeMotion options.\par
\par
The Virtual Scrolling feature also supports EdgeMotion. To control EdgeMotion during scrolling, select \b Long Distance Scrolling\b0  under \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  in the menu tree.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Perform EdgeMotion only when dragging\b0\par
When this option is selected, EdgeMotion occurs only during a tap-and-drag gesture. EdgeMotion will not occur during ordinary pointer movement. Tapping must be enabled for this feature to work.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Perform EdgeMotion when dragging and pointing\b0\par
When this option is selected, EdgeMotion occurs whenever your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b No EdgeMotion\b0\par
To move the pointer a long distance without EdgeMotion, you must make repeated finger strokes on the pad or increase the pointer motion speed in the Mouse Control Panel.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
By selecting the \b Enable Tap Zones\b0  check box, you can configure each of the four corners of the TouchPad surface to act as different buttons when tapped. These corner regions are called \b Tap Zones\b0 .\par
\par
Tapping in the center of the TouchPad always produces a left click.\par
\par
If you clear the \b Enable Tap Zones\b0  check box, then a tap anywhere on the TouchPad produces a left click.\par
\par
A variety of actions can be assigned to the tap zones.\par
\par
To enable Tap Zones:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Ensure that \b Enable Tapping\b0  is selected on the \b Tapping\b0  page.\par
2.\tab Select the \b Enable Tap Zones\b0  check box above.\par
3.\tab Select the name of a Tap Zone in the menu tree to assign an action to that zone.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
Select an action for taps in the bottom left corner zone of your TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Middle Click\b0 , then a tap in the bottom left corner of the TouchPad surface performs the same action as a middle click. Select \b No Zone\b0  to disable this \b tap zone\b0  (then taps in the zone act like a left click, just as on the rest of the pad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
Select an action for taps in the top left corner zone of your TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Middle Click\b0 , then a tap in the top left corner of the TouchPad surface performs the same action as a middle click. Select \b No Zone\b0  to disable this \b tap zone\b0  (then taps in the zone act like a left click, just as on the rest of the pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
Select an action for taps in the top right corner zone of your TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Right Click\b0 , then a tap in the top right corner of the TouchPad surface performs the same action as pressing the right mouse or TouchPad button. Select \b No Zone\b0  to disable this \b tap zone\b0  (then taps in the zone act like a left click, just as on the rest of the pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
Select an action for taps in the bottom right corner zone of your TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Right Click\b0 , then a tap in the bottom right corner of the TouchPad surface performs the same action as pressing the right mouse or TouchPad button. Select \b No Zone\b0  to disable this \b tap zone\b0  (then taps in the zone act like a left click, just as on the rest of the pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Press this button to see the Properties dialog for the selected action.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
The diagram above represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the active Tap Zone regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active Tap Zone region on the TouchPad, the corresponding Tap Zone area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the Tap Zone regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the corners of the cross-hatched areas.\par
\par
If you have difficulty triggering a Tap Zone action, try making the Tap Zone region larger. If a Tap Zone action triggers too easily, try making the Tap Zone region smaller.\par
\par
If the Tap Zones are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that \b Tapping\b0  and \b Tap Zones\b0  are selected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
This section allows you to customize your TouchPad buttons.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Defaults\b0\par
Returns all settings on this page to their default values.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
EdgeMotion speed can be configured to be pressure-sensitive or fixed.\par
\par
\b Control speed with finger pressure\b0\par
Select this option if you want the EdgeMotion speed to increase as you press your finger harder on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
\b Fixed speed\b0\par
Select this option to make the EdgeMotion speed the same all the time.\par
\par
\b Adjust EdgeMotion Speed\b0\par
This slider controls the speed of the EdgeMotion when the \b Fixed speed\b0  option is selected. You can choose the EdgeMotion speed by adjusting the slider between \b Slow\b0  and \b Fast\b0 .\par
\par
If the controls on this page are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that EdgeMotion is enabled. To enable EdgeMotion, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b EdgeMotion\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select one of the \b Perform EdgeMotion\b0  options.\par
3.\tab Select \b EdgeMotion Speed\b0  from the menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
When the \b Control speed with finger pressure\b0  option is selected, EdgeMotion speed is determined by how hard you press your finger on the TouchPad.\par
\par
When the \b Fixed speed\b0  option is selected, the pointer moves at the specified speed when the finger is in the EdgeMotion region.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Select this check box for constant EdgeMotion speed.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Tapping on the surface of the TouchPad is the same as clicking the left TouchPad "mouse" button. However, tapping is usually quicker and more convenient than using the mouse button.\par
\par
"Tapping" means quickly touching and then lifting your finger off the TouchPad surface. A light, quick tap works best. Very hard or slow taps are less effective. Tap once for a single click, or twice in rapid succession for a double-click.\par
\par
Select the \b Enable Tapping\b0  check box to enable this feature. The TouchPad buttons can also be used to click. If you clear this check box, the TouchPad buttons are the only way to click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Virtual Scrolling Tutorial\b0\par
This simple maze will help you learn how to use the Virtual Scrolling feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
When the \b Tap to Click\b0  check box is not selected, you must press the actual TouchPad buttons to produce clicks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Tap again and hold to drag\b0\par
Select this check box to drag objects and selections by tapping the TouchPad. To drag, tap twice on the object and keep your finger down on the TouchPad on the second tap. Move the selected object by sliding your finger across the TouchPad surface and lift your finger to drop the object. This action produces the same effect as pressing a mouse button, moving the mouse, and releasing the mouse button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Locking drags\b0\par
The \b Locking drags\b0  feature allows objects to be dragged long distances across the screen using several finger strokes. When \b Locking drags\b0  is selected, a drag action persists after you lift your finger from the TouchPad. Tap the TouchPad again or click on any button to drop the object and end the drag. To use \b Locking drags\b0 , the \b Tap again and hold to drag\b0  feature must also be selected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
The \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 feature guards against operating the TouchPad with accidental contact. PalmCheck allows the TouchPad to recognize when your palm is resting on it or brushing its surface while you are typing. This will help to prevent unwanted pointer movement or clicks.\par
\par
If the TouchPad exhibits undesired pointer movement or clicks, increase the PalmCheck setting by moving the slider to the right toward \b Maximum\b0 . If the TouchPad misses intended motions or taps, decrease the PalmCheck setting by moving the slider to the left toward \b Minimum\b0 . You are more likely to experience missed motions or taps if the slider is in the red zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
The \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider allows you to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied before the TouchPad responds.\par
\par
If your pointer is moving or clicking erratically, or you work in an area with high humidity, decrease sensitivity by moving the slider to the right toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
If you have to press too hard to operate the TouchPad or if the TouchPad does not always respond to your taps, increase sensitivity by moving the slider to the left toward \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Scroll selected item\b0\par
Select this option if you want to scroll the currently active window or item. This is usually the last window, part of a window, or item that you clicked on.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Select the \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0  check box if you want scrolling to continue when your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select means right click\b0\par
This option produces a right mouse click when you tap or press on the pointing stick. A right mouse click is generally used to display a context pop up menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
The \b Coasting\b0  feature helps you to scroll easily through long documents. With Coasting, Virtual Scrolling continues after you have lifted your finger from the TouchPad. To use Coasting, move and lift your finger in one smooth motion. To stop the Coasting motion, place your finger back on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable horizontal Virtual Scrolling on windows that have horizontal scroll bars. Sliding your finger back and forth along the lower edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Enable vertical scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable vertical Virtual Scrolling. Sliding your finger up and down the right edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item vertically.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
The diagram above represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the Virtual Scrolling regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active Virtual Scrolling region on the TouchPad, the corresponding Virtual Scrolling area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the Virtual Scrolling regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the edge of the cross-hatched area.\par
\par
If you have difficulty triggering Virtual Scrolling, try making the Virtual Scrolling region larger by moving the edges of the cross-hatched area inward. If you find that Virtual Scrolling triggers too easily, try making the Virtual Scrolling region smaller.\par
\par
If the Virtual Scrolling regions are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that Virtual Scrolling is enabled. To enable Virtual Scrolling, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select the desired \b Enable Scrolling\b0  check boxes.\par
3.\tab Select \b Scrolling Region\b0  from the menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Practice Button\b0\par
Click the \b Practice\b0  button to run the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  tutorial. This simple maze will help you learn how to use Virtual Scrolling.\par
\par
NOTE: Ensure that the \b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0  and \b Enable vertical scrolling\b0  check boxes are selected.\par
\par
Survey the maze before you begin to locate the beginning and ending points. You cannot see the entire maze because it is larger than the window that displays it. Use Virtual Scrolling to move your view of the maze in the window. Hold down the Ctrl key and use Virtual Scrolling to zoom the maze larger or smaller.\par
\par
A yellow dot in the upper left corner of the maze marks the entrance to the maze. A blue dot on the right side of the maze marks the exit.\par
\par
To Begin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Click on the red square in the yellow dot to begin.\par
2.\tab Use the Arrow keys or tap your TouchPad to navigate through the maze.\par
3.\tab Use Virtual Scrolling to move your view of the maze.\par
4.\tab Click the close button on the Virtual Scrolling Practice window after you reach the blue dot in the lower right corner.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
This slider allows you to control the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  speed. Drag the slider to the right for faster scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Use this section to customize the pointer motion. Select help on specific areas for more information.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select and drag\b0\par
Select this option if you want pressing to perform a select and drag, and tapping to perform just a selection.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
The \b Slow Motion\b0  feature allows you to reduce the speed of the pointer to improve pointing accuracy for fine positioning. You activate Slow Motion by pressing and holding a specified key while moving the pointer.\par
\par
To enable the Slow Motion feature:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable slow motion\b0  check box to enable the options in the list box.\par
2.\tab Choose a key from the list box for activating Slow Motion.\par
3.\tab Press and hold the selected key whenever you want Slow Motion.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
This feature automatically moves the pointer to the Default Button when a dialog box appears on your screen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
At times you may want to restrict the pointer to move only horizontally or only vertically. You can specify a constrained pointer key, then press and hold this key as you move the pointer. The initial pointer direction when holding this key determines whether the pointer is constrained to move only horizontally or only vertically.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
Selecting the \b Fast\b0  pointer refresh rate option generally produces very smooth pointer motion. However, if your pointer appears unsteady or flickers on the screen, try selecting the \b Slow\b0  pointer refresh rate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
The Synaptics TouchPad properties pages allow you to configure your TouchPad. These pages are located in the Mouse Properties Control Panel.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Click here to run your Internet browser and to go directly to this link.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panning means to scroll continuously. You can pan horizontally, vertically, or diagonally in both directions!\par
Note that panning only works in applications that support the Microsoft Intellimouse and that many of those applications limit the directions that you can pan in (Examples: Microsoft Word only lets you pan vertically;  Microsoft Excel will let you pan vertically and horizontally, but not diagonally).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zooming means to change the magnification of your document. Zoom in to increase the magnification and zoom out to decrease the magnification.\par
\par
Note that zooming only works in applications that support the Microsoft Intellimouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
This action automatically moves the pointer to the Start button in the task bar and opens the start menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Jump to the Menu of the Current Window\b0\par
This action automatically moves the pointer to the leftmost entry in the current window's menu (usually the "File" menu), and opens it.\par
This feature might not work with some windows that have non-standard menus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
This action minimizes the current window.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
This action maximizes the current window so that it covers the entire screen. If the current window is already maximized, then this action restores it to its original size and position.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
This action restores a minimized or a maximized window to its original size and position.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
This action automatically runs a program that you specify. After selecting this action you can choose the program to run by clicking on the Properties button beside the combo box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
This action allows you to use the entire TouchPad surface to control Virtual Scrolling\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . To resume normal TouchPad operation, simply perform the associated gesture a second time.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
If the active application is a web browser, this action visits the previous page in the browser\rquote s history buffer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
If the active application is a web browser, this action visits the next page in the browser\rquote s history buffer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
This action starts the default web browser and visits a web page. After selecting this action you can choose web page to visit by clicking on the Properties button beside the combo box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
If the active application is a web browser, this action causes the current web page to be reloaded from its source.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
If the active application is a web browser, this action causes the browser to stop loading the current web page.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Placing two fingers on the TouchPad surface and moving them in a particular direction is called a two-finger \b Gesture\b0 . Your TouchPad can detect such movements in each of the eight compass points. This page allows you to customize the action the TouchPad performs when a \b Gesture\b0  is detected.\par
\par
To enable \b Gesture\b0  processing, check the box labeled \b Enable\b0 . Then choose an action from the drop-down list for each \b Gesture\b0  direction.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
Select the action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the upper left region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up Key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
Select the action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the upper region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
Select an action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the upper left region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
Select an action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the left region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
Select an action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the lower right region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
Select an action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the lower region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
Select an action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the lower left region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
Select an action to be performed for a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  in the left region of the TouchPad.\par
\par
For example, if you select \b Press the Page Up key\b0 , then gesturing in this manner performs the same action as pressing the Page Up key on the keyboard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Record and Play a Keyboard Macro\b0\par
\par
This action plays a pre-recorded sequence of keystrokes. After selecting this action you can record the sequence of keystrokes to play.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Keyboard Macro Recording Dialog\b0\par
This dialog allows you to record a sequence of keystrokes for subsequent playback. Such a recorded keystroke sequence is often called a keyboard \i macro\i0 .\par
\par
To begin recording a macro, press the \b Start\b0  button. The \b Stop\b0  button will then be enabled and the \b Start\b0  button disabled indicating that recording is in progress. Since all keystrokes will be intercepted during recording, the only way to exit from the recording mode is to press the Stop button using the mouse.\par
\par
When not recording, the \b Clear\b0  button can be used to empty the recorded keystroke buffer. When recording, this button serves the function of the backspace key. Pressing the \b Back\b0  button removes the last entry from the recorded keystroke buffer. Note that during recording, the \b Back\b0  button must be pressed with the mouse.\par
\par
As they are recorded, keystrokes also appear in the recording dialog\rquote s text window. Alphabetic, numeric, and punctuation keys appear in the text window just as they would appear in a typed document. Non-printable keys are represented in the text window by mnemonic tags enclosed in braces.\par
\par
To make the text window easier to read, most keys are only placed into the text window as they are pressed. However the mode keys (such as \b Shift\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  and \b Alt\b0 ) are entered into the text window both when they are pressed and when they are released. This makes it possible to locate keyboard mode changes by \ldblquote reading\rdblquote  the text window.\par
\par
Please note that the text window is not directly editable. For instance, it is not possible to insert a key in the middle of a previously recorded sequence. To do this, you must clear the recorded buffer and re-record the desired keystroke sequence.\par
\par
Once a recording is completed, press the \b OK\b0  button to save or the \b Cancel\b0  button to discard your recording. Pressing either button will exit the dialog.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
Select an action for this TouchPad button. You can customize the button to produce one of the actions in the drop-down list.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Adjusts the amount of time that can pass between clicks to when you double-click your primary mouse button. If you are an inexperienced mouse user, double-clicking may be easier if you drag the slider toward slow. You can test the double-click speed by double-clicking the image in Test area.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Provides a place for you to test the double-click speed of your mouse. If the jack-in-the-box emerges or disappears, your double-click was recognized.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Adjust the speed at which the pointer moves on your screen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Specifies how quickly the mouse pointer accelerates to its maximum speed. Acceleration makes the mouse pointer move farther when you move the mouse quickly. No acceleration makes the mouse pointer move at the same speed as the mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
Adds a trail to the mouse pointer, which makes it easier to see on Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) screens. To change the length of the pointer trail, drag the slider.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Check this box to turn on the Universal Scrolling features. Click on the settings button to configure the scrolling features.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Click on this button to configure the scrolling features.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Click on this button to configure the two-finger gesture features.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Click on this button to configure the three-finger gesture features.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Click on this button to configure the tap zone features.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Click on this button to configure the EdgeMotion features.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
When \b Disable device\b0  is selected, the current pointing device will no longer provide cursor movement, scrolling, or other functionality.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Placing two fingers on the TouchPad surface and moving them in a particular direction is called a two-finger \b Gesture\b0 . Your TouchPad can detect such movements in each of the eight compass points.\par
\par
To enable two-finger \b Gesture\b0  processing, check the box labeled \b Enable Two-Finger Gestures\b0 . Then click on the two-finger settings button to customize the action the TouchPad performs when a two-finger \b Gesture\b0  is detected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Placing three fingers on the TouchPad surface and moving them in a particular direction is called a three-finger \b Gesture\b0 . Your TouchPad can detect such movements in each of two compass points.\par
\par
To enable three-finger \b Gesture\b0  processing, check the box labeled \b Enable Three-Finger Gestures\b0 . Then click on the \b Three-Finger\b0  settings button to customize the action the TouchPad performs when a three-finger \b Gesture\b0  is detected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Placing two or three fingers on the TouchPad surface and moving them in a particular direction is called a finger \b Gesture\b0 . Your TouchPad can detect such movements in each of the eight compass points.\par
\par
You can enable any combination of two- or three-finger Gestures. To enable Gesture processing, check the appropriate box labeled \b Enable\b0 . Then click on the settings button to customize the action the TouchPad will perform when a three-finger Gesture is detected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
This is a small map of the TouchPad with the tap zones denoted by the cross-hatched area. Tap zones can be made larger or smaller by dragging the black resize handles. Arrows on each side of the map mark your finger position on the actual TouchPad. If your finger is in an active tap zone area on your TouchPad, the corresponding tap zone on the map will turn a solid color.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select only\b0\par
Select this option if you want tapping or pressing the stick to perform a selection without dragging. This is the same as a single mouse click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
This is a list of all the keys that can activate slow motion mode. Select the key you wish to use by clicking on appropriate entry in the list box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b Adjust EdgeMotion Speed\b0\par
When the \b Fixed speed\b0  option is selected, you can use this slider to adjust the speed of EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
Select an action from the list box to assign it to this button. Many actions do not require additional configuration. However, if more information is required, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure\b0  button at any time to view or change the configuration of the action.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
Select an action from the list box to assign it to this tap zone. Many actions do not require additional configuration. However, if more information is required, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure\b0  button at any time to view or change the configuration of the action.\par
\par
A variety of actions can be assigned to Tap Zones. Additional actions might be available if you have third-party TouchPad Plug-In software installed.\par
\par
\ul\b Tap Zone Actions\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Jump to the Start Button\b0\par
This action causes the pointer to jump to the \b Start\b0  button in the Windows task bar and automatically open the \b Start Menu\b0 .\par
\par
\b Minimize the current application\b0\par
This action minimizes the current application\rquote s window. If the current application\rquote s window is already minimized, this action will restore it to its normal size and location.\par
\par
\b Maximize the current application\b0\par
This action maximizes the current application\rquote s window (expands it to cover the full screen). If the current application\rquote s window is already maximized, this action will restore it to its normal size and location.\par
\par
\b Run a program of your choice\b0\par
This action allows you to specify the name of any program you want to run automatically when you click the button or tap in the tap zone.\par
\par
If the list box options are gray and cannot be selected, ensure that \b Tapping\b0  and \b Tap Zones\b0  are enabled.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Patent Notices\par
Scrolling Selection\par
System Settings\par
Device Settings\par
on\par
Sticky Borders\par
Enable Sticky borders\par
Perform EdgeMotion only when &dragging\par
Perform EdgeMotion when dragging and &pointing\par
No EdgeMotion\par
Virtual Scrolling\par
Fixed Speed\par
Press to select only\par
Press to select drag\par
Press to Select Action\par
Press to select means Left click\par
Select an item\par
Buttons\par
Enable buttons\par
Tap and Drag\par
Long Distance Scrolling\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
The \b Tap and Drag\b0  features duplicate the functionality of the "mouse" buttons.\par
\par
\b Tap again and hold to drag\b0\par
Select this check box to drag objects without pressing the mouse or TouchPad button. To drag, tap twice on the object and keep your finger down on the TouchPad on the second tap. Move the selected object by sliding your finger across the TouchPad surface and lift your finger to drop the object.\par
\par
\b Locking Drags\b0\par
The \b Locking Drags\b0  feature allows objects to be dragged long distances across the screen using several finger strokes. When \b Locking Drags\b0  is selected, a drag action persists after you lift your finger from the TouchPad. Tap the TouchPad again to drop the object and end the drag. To use \b Locking Drags\b0 , the \b Tap again and hold to drag\b0  feature must also be selected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
The \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  feature allows you to scroll with a single stroke of your finger. Virtual Scrolling operates the scroll bars automatically so there is no need to move the pointer away from your work. Virtual Scrolling works with most scrollable windows such as word processing documents, spreadsheets, and large digital images. It also works with other scrollable items such as file lists and font lists. Virtual Scrolling provides the easiest and smoothest scrolling for all applications.\par
\par
Click on the window or item you wish to scroll and slide your finger up and down the right edge of the TouchPad to scroll vertically.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable vertical scrolling\b0  or \b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0  check box.\par
\par
If Virtual Scrolling does not respond, ensure that the desired \b Enable scrolling\b0  check box is selected and that the window or item you have clicked on is scrollable. If you still have problems, check your \b Scrolling Region\b0  settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
The \b Sensitivity\b0  settings allow you to personalize the way the TouchPad responds to your touch. To adjust the Sensitivity settings, select an item from the \b Sensitivity\b0  menu tree.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
The diagram above represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the EdgeMotion regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active EdgeMotion region on the TouchPad, the corresponding EdgeMotion area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the EdgeMotion regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the edge of the cross-hatched area.\par
\par
If you have difficulty triggering EdgeMotion, try making the EdgeMotion region larger by moving the edges of the cross-hatched area inward. If you find that EdgeMotion triggers too easily, try making the EdgeMotion region smaller.\par
\par
If the EdgeMotion regions are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that EdgeMotion is enabled. To enable EdgeMotion, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b EdgeMotion\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select one of the \b Perform EdgeMotion\b0  options.\par
3.\tab Select \b EdgeMotion Region\b0  from the menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Patent Notices\b0\par
This software and related input device hardware are protected by one or more of the following patents:\par
\par
\b United States Patent No.\b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
\b Europe Patent No.\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Korean Patent No.\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Taiwan Invention Patent No.\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b China Patent No.\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Japan Patent No.\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Hong Kong Patent No.\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Singapore Patent No.\b0\par
54596;\par
as well as other U.S. and International patents pending.\par
\par
\b Trademarks\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, the ChiralMotion Logo, the Scrybe Logo and the Synaptics Logo are trademarks of Synaptics Incorporated, registered in the U.S.A. and/or other countries. All other product, service, or company names mentioned herein are claimed as trademarks and trade names by their respective companies.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. All rights reserved.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
The \b Sticky Borders\b0  feature restricts the pointer to stay inside the active window. When you try to move the pointer outside the window, it stops at the edge. If you try a second time, the pointer is free to leave the window.\par
\par
Stopping the pointer at the window borders makes it easy to access controls that lie around the edges of a window. For example, to close or resize a window, you can quickly move the pointer in the general direction of the close box or the edge of the window, and the pointer will stop exactly where you want.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable sticky borders\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
The buttons on this page control how the Press-to-Select feature operates.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Scrolling Speed\b0\par
Use this slider to control how fast the window scrolls in response to finger motion in the Virtual Scrolling region.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
This slider determines how quickly you need to press the pointing stick to perform an action that corresponds to a "mouse" click.\par
\par
If you experience unintentional clicks, adjust to a faster pace. Conversely, if you experience difficulty using the pointing stick to click, adjust to a slower pace.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
The pace slider can be adjusted from "Slow Press" (left) to "Quick Press" (right).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
This controls whether pressing on the pointing stick will act as a right click (context menu action) instead of a left click (normal select action).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Press To Select\b0  controls the Press To Select feature of the pointing stick.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
The \b Sensitivity\b0  settings allow you to personalize the way the pointing stick responds to your touch.\par
\par
To adjust the Sensitivity settings, select an item from the \b Sensitivity\b0  menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
The \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider allows you to control how much finger pressure is required to move the pointer at a particular speed. If erratic pointer movement is experienced, try moving the slider to the right toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
This controls whether pressing on the pointing stick can be used to drag objects on the screen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
This button when pressed brings up the Virtual Scrolling tutorial.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
This section controls the behavior of the TouchPad when an external PS2 device is attached.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Allow the TouchPad and the external PS2 device to operate simultaneously.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Disable the TouchPad when an external PS2 device is attached.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Defines how far a page scrolls when you roll the wheel one notch. You can scroll a specific number of lines or an entire screen.\par
\par
The number of lines meant by the term "a screen" is different depending on the size of your window and the program you are using. It is equivalent to using the PAGE UP or PAGE DOWN keys on your keyboard, or to clicking the scroll bar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Click to set the number of lines that you scroll with each notch of the wheel. You may need to close and reopen your applications for this setting to take effect.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Click to scroll one screen for each notch of the wheel. You may need to close and reopen your applications for this setting to take effect.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
These options allow you to specify which window or item is scrolled when you use Virtual Scrolling. Select the Virtual Scrolling options you wish to enable.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select Action\b0\par
You can configure the pointing stick to perform a right or left "mouse" click action.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Gestures\b0\par
Sliding three fingers from the top to the bottom of the TouchPad in a straight, continuous motion, then simultaneously lifting all three fingers off the TouchPad surface is called a three-finger gesture.\par
\par
You can use a three-finger gesture to perform an action such as "go to a web page in your default browser." Each time you perform that three-finger gesture, your web browser would automatically open and load the specified page.\par
\par
Select the \b Enable Three-Finger Gestures\b0  check box to enable this feature. There are two possible directions of motion for a three-finger gesture: top-to-bottom and bottom-to-top.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
You can configure an action for the following three-finger gestures that display in the menu tree to the left:\par
\par
\b Top\b0 : Sliding three fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the bottom and ending at the top, in an upward, vertical motion.\par
\b Bottom\b0 : Sliding three fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the top and ending at the bottom, in a downward, vertical motion.\par
\par
To configure an action for a three-finger gesture:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Ensure that the \b Enable Three-Finger Gestures\b0  check box is selected.\par
2.\tab Select an option from the menu tree on the left. Select the option that matches the ending point for the direction of motion. For example if you want to configure a three-finger gesture that begins at the bottom and ends at the top, select \b Top.\b0\par
3.\tab Select an action from the list above to assign it to the selected gesture. The selected action will occur every time you perform that three-finger gesture.\par
4.\tab Many actions do not require additional configuration. However, if more information is required, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure\b0  button at any time to view or change the configuration of the action.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
If you are unable to select an action from the list, ensure the options are enabled. To enable the options, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b Three-Finger Gestures\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select the \b Enable Three-Finger Gestures\b0  check box.\par
3.\tab Select the ending-point for the motion from the menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Gestures\b0\par
A two-finger gesture is placing two fingers on the TouchPad surface and sliding them from one side (or corner) of the TouchPad to the opposite side (or corner) in a straight, continuous motion, then simultaneously lifting both fingers off the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
You can use a two-finger gesture to perform an action such as "go to a web page in your default browser." Each time you perform that two-finger gesture, your web browser would automatically open and load the specified page.\par
\par
Select the \b Enable Two-Finger Gestures\b0  check box to enable this feature. There are eight possible directions of motion for a two-finger gesture.\par
\par
Some of the gesture directions may not be available on all machines.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
You can configure an action for the following two-finger gestures that display in the menu tree to the left:\par
\par
\b Top:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the bottom and ending at the top, in an upward, vertical motion.\par
\par
\b Upper-Right Corner:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the lower-left corner and ending at the upper-right corner, in a diagonal direction of motion.\par
\par
\b Right:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the left side and ending at the right side, in a horizontal direction of motion.\par
\par
\b Lower-Right Corner:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the upper-left corner and ending at the lower-right corner, in a diagonal direction of motion.\par
\par
\b Bottom:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the top and ending at the bottom, in a downward, vertical motion.\par
\par
\b Lower-Left Corner:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the upper-right corner and ending at the lower-left corner, in a diagonal direction of motion.\par
\par
\b Left:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the right side and ending at the left side, in a horizontal direction of motion.\par
\par
\b Upper-Left Corner:\b0  Sliding two fingers across the surface of the TouchPad, beginning at the lower-right corner and ending at the upper-left corner, in a diagonal direction of motion.\par
\par
To configure an action for a two-finger gesture:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Ensure that the \b Enable Two-Finger Gestures\b0  check box is selected.\par
2.\tab Select an option from the menu tree on the left. Select the option that matches the ending point for the direction of motion. For example if you want to configure a two-finger gesture that begins at the bottom and ends at the top, select \b Top.\b0\par
3.\tab Select an action from the list above to assign it to the selected gesture. The selected action will occur every time you perform that two-finger gesture.\par
4.\tab Many actions do not require additional configuration. However, if more information is required, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure\b0  button at any time to view or change the configuration of the action.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
If you are unable to select an action from the list, ensure the options are enabled. To enable the options, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b Two-Finger Gestures\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select the \b Enable Two-Finger Gestures\b0  check box.\par
3.\tab Select the ending-point for the motion from the menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
This \b Properties\b0  window allows you to personalize your pointing device settings. Use the menu tree to the left to access the customizable features.\par
\par
\b Using the Properties Window\b0\par
Click on a feature in the menu tree to see a page of settings for that feature. Some features have several pages of settings. Click on the \b +\b0  (plus sign) next to a feature to see all its related pages. The settings will appear in the window to the right of the menu tree. Information about these options and instructions on how to change them will appear here in this information box. You can use the scroll bar to view the contents of the information box.\par
\par
\b Restore All Defaults Button\b0\par
The \b Restore All\b0  \b Defaults\b0  button returns all the settings on all pages back to their factory-set values.\par
\par
\b Restore Page Defaults Button\b0\par
The \b Restore Page\b0  \b Defaults\b0  button returns all the settings on the current page back to their factory-set values.\par
\par
\b OK Button\b0\par
The \b OK\b0  button saves your changes and closes the Properties window.\par
\par
\b Cancel Button\b0\par
The \b Cancel\b0  button closes the Properties window without saving any changes and reverts to all the previous settings.\par
\par
\b Apply Button\b0\par
The \b Apply\b0  button saves your changes, but keeps the Properties window open so you can make more changes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
The \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  feature allows you to scroll Web pages, documents, and other items with a TouchPad. Just place your finger in the Scroll Zone-the outer edge of the TouchPad-and slide your finger around in circles. A small ridge embossed in the surface of the TouchPad helps guide your finger. However, you don\rquote t have to confine yourself to the outer area once you\rquote ve started to scroll. Just starting in the Scroll Zone is enough-you can allow your finger to move towards the center of the TouchPad and scroll in tiny circles in the middle if you prefer. To stop scrolling, simply lift your finger up.\par
\par
Virtual Scrolling options include: vertical scrolling (down and up), vertical scrolling and horizontal scrolling (down, up, right, and left), scrolling audio (sound effects), or no scrolling at all.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Enable Vertical Scrolling\b0\par
Select this option to be able to scroll down or up.\par
\par
To scroll down, place your finger anywhere in the Scroll Zone and move your finger in clockwise circles.\par
\par
To scroll up, place your finger anywhere in the Scroll Zone and move your finger in counter-clockwise circles.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Enable Vertical and Horizontal Scrolling\b0\par
Select this option to be able to scroll down, up, right, or left. The right side of the ScrollZone controls vertical scrolling. The bottom part of the Scroll controls horizontal scrolling.\par
\par
To scroll down, place your finger in the right part of the Scroll Zone and move your finger in clockwise circles.\par
\par
To scroll up, place your finger in the right part of the Scroll Zone and move your finger in counter-clockwise circles.\par
\par
To scroll right, place your finger in the lower part of the Scroll Zone and move your finger in counter-clockwise circles.\par
\par
To scroll left, place your finger in the lower part of the Scroll Zone and move your finger in clockwise circles.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Enable scrolling audio\b0\par
Select this option for sound effects to accompany your scrolling actions.\par
\par
NOTE: You must also select \b Vertical Scrolling\b0  or \b Vertical and Horizontal Scrolling\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Disable scrolling\b0\par
If you do not want to use any of the Virtual Scrolling features, select \b Disable scrolling\b0 . With this option selected, the Scroll Zone can still be used for pointing and tapping rather than scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Illumination Options\b0\par
The LuxPad pointing device has a variety of illumination options. Select the \b Enable Illumination\b0  check box to personalize your LuxPad's light effects.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Brightness\b0\par
You can select different levels of brightness for when your notebook computer is plugged into a power source and for when it is running on battery power. Selecting different settings is useful if extending battery life is extremely critical to you.\par
\par
The brightness options for \b External Power\b0  and \b Battery\b0  are \b Low\b0 , \b Medium\b0 , and \b High\b0 .\par
\par
If the options on this page are dimmed and unavailable for use, you can enable them by clicking \b Illumination Options\b0  in the menu tree to the left. Click the \b Enable Illumination\b0  check box to select it and then return to the \b Brightness\b0  page.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Illumination Time\b0\par
The \b Illumination Time\b0  page provides a variety of light-effect options.\par
\par
Select the \b Always On\b0  check box if you want your LuxPad to glow continuously after you have logged on.\par
\par
The \b Illumination Time After Log On\b0  and the \b Illuminate When Touched\b0  options are only available when the \b Always On\b0  check box is clear. If there is a check mark in the \b Always On\b0  check box, you can click on it to clear it.\par
\par
The \b Illumination Time After Log On\b0  slide bar allows you to specify how long you want your LuxPad to glow after you have logged on. Move the slider to the left for a shorter amount of time or to the right for a longer duration.\par
\par
Select the \b Illuminate When Touched\b0  check box if you want your LuxPad to glow when your finger is on the LuxPad's surface. The LuxPad will glow each time you touch it.\par
\par
If the options on this page are dimmed and unavailable for use, you can enable them by clicking \b Illumination Options\b0  in the menu tree to the left. Click the \b Enable Illumination\b0  check box to select it and then return to the \b Illumination Time\b0  page.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
To use the pointing stick or TouchPad to move the cursor, select the appropriate \b Enable\b0  option.\par
\par
You can enable both the pointing stick and the TouchPad. If you do, you can touch either one to move the cursor.\par
\par
To use the pointing stick buttons, TouchPad buttons, or both, select the appropriate \b Enable\b0  options.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
Select the \b Disable\b0  option for the device, or device buttons, that you do not wish to use; this will prevent you from accidentally activating them when typing or pointing.\par
\par
Note: You cannot disable both the pointing stick and the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
To change the action assigned to pressing a \b Left Button\b0 , \b Both Buttons\b0 , or \b Right Button\b0 , click the down arrow in the drop-down list to display the options. Select the desired action.\par
\par
If more information is required for the selected action, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
If more information is required for the action selected in the drop-down list, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled. Click the \b Configure\b0  button and enter the requested information in the dialog box that displays. Click the \b OK\b0  button to save your setting and close the dialog box.\par
\par
You can view or change your settings at any time by clicking the \b Configure\b0  button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
To restore the default settings for all the items in the window, click this button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
To use a finger tap to perform a primary click, select the \b Tap to Click\b0  check box. A finger tap is a quick down-up motion.\par
\par
When this check box is clear, the only way to perform a primary click is to press a button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
To drag objects without pressing a TouchPad button, select the \b Taps and Drags\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use this feature, tap on an object to select it and quickly put your finger back down on the TouchPad and slide your finger in the direction you wish to drag the object. Lift your finger off the TouchPad to release the object.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
To drag objects across the screen using several finger strokes, select the \b Locking Drags\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use locking drags, tap on an object to select it. Use as many finger strokes on the TouchPad as necessary to move the object to the desired location. You don\rquote t have to keep your finger down. The selected object is not released until you tap on the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
You can use this slider to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied for the TouchPad to respond. If you experience erratic pointer movement, move the slider to the right.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
To help prevent unwanted pointer movement or clicks while typing, select the \b Enable PalmCheck\b0  check box.\par
\par
This feature helps the TouchPad recognize when your hand is resting on it or brushing its surface while you are typing.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
To adjust PalmCheck sensitivity, use this slider.\par
\par
If the TouchPad exhibits undesired pointer movement or clicks, increase the PalmCheck setting by moving the slider to the right. However, if you move the slider to the far right, near the \b Maximum\b0  setting, you are more likely to experience missed taps or motions.\par
\par
If the TouchPad misses intended taps or motions, decrease the PalmCheck sensitivity by moving the slider to the left.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
EdgeMotion allows the pointer to continue to move when you reach the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
Without EdgeMotion, you must make several finger strokes on the TouchPad or increase the pointer motion speed on the \b Pointer Options\b0  tab to move the pointer long distances easily.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
To use \i EdgeMotion\i0  for drag gestures (tap-and-drag and locking drags), select the \b When Dragging\b0  check box.\par
\par
EdgeMotion allows the pointer to continue to move when you reach the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
With this option selected, EdgeMotion will not occur during ordinary pointer movement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
To use \i EdgeMotion\i0  whenever your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad, select the \b When Pointing\b0  check box.\par
\par
EdgeMotion allows the pointer to continue to move when you reach the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
To use \i EdgeMotion\i0  when using the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  feature, select the \b When Scrolling\b0  check box.\par
\par
EdgeMotion allows the pointer to continue to move when you reach the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
This diagram represents the surface of the TouchPad. The crosshatched area on the diagram shows the EdgeMotion regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger\rquote s position. If your finger is in an active EdgeMotion region on the TouchPad, the corresponding EdgeMotion area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the EdgeMotion regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the edge of the crosshatched area.\par
\par
If you have difficulty activating EdgeMotion, try making the EdgeMotion region larger by moving the edges of the crosshatched area inward. If you find that EdgeMotion triggers too easily, try making the EdgeMotion region smaller.\par
\par
If the EdgeMotion regions are gray and cannot be adjusted, select one of the EdgeMotion options and then you can resize the regions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
To use pressure-sensitive speed, select this check box. With this option selected, pressing harder will make the pointer move faster.\par
\par
For constant speed, clear the \b Control EdgeMotion speed with finger pressure\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
To adjust EdgeMotion speed when the \b Control EdgeMotion speed with finger pressure\b0  check box is clear, use this slider. Drag the slider to the right for faster EdgeMotion or to the left for slower EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
To configure a Tap Zone to perform an action when tapped, select the \b Enable Tap Zones\b0  check box. Each corner of the TouchPad surface can be configured as a Tap Zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
To assign an action to a Tap Zone, select an option from the drop-down list. If more information is required for the selected action, the \b Configure\b0  button will become enabled.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
This diagram represents the surface of the TouchPad. The crosshatched areas on the diagram show the active Tap Zone regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger\rquote s position. If your finger is in an active Tap Zone region on the TouchPad, the corresponding Tap Zone area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the Tap Zone regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the corners of the crosshatched areas.\par
\par
If you have difficulty triggering a Tap Zone action, try making the Tap Zone region larger. If a Tap Zone action triggers too easily, try making the Tap Zone region smaller.\par
\par
If the Tap Zones are gray and cannot be adjusted, select the \b Enable Tap Zone\b0  check box and then you can resize them.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
To use a swipe gesture to perform the function of a \b Forward\b0  or \b Back\b0  arrow button in a Web browser window, select the \b Enable back/forward gestures\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use a forward or back gesture, place your finger along the upper edge of the TouchPad and move your finger to the right or left. Moving your finger to the left is like clicking the back arrow button. Moving your finger to the right is like clicking the forward arrow button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
To use the Virtual Scrolling features, select the \b Enable Scrolling\b0  check box.\par
\par
With Virtual Scrolling enabled, sliding your finger up and down the right edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item vertically. Sliding your finger across the lower edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
To display the Virtual Scrolling options and adjust your settings, click this button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
To scroll the active window or item, select the \b Scroll selected item\b0  option. The active item is usually the last window, part of a window, or item on which you clicked.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
To scroll an item that is under the pointer in an active application, select this option. This option allows you to scroll the item under the pointer without clicking on the item first.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
To scroll easily through long documents, select the \b Enable coasting\b0  check box. With coasting, Virtual Scrolling continues after you have lifted your finger off the TouchPad.\par
\par
To use coasting, move and lift your finger in one smooth horizontal or vertical motion. To stop coasting, touch the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
This diagram represents the surface of the TouchPad. The crosshatched area on the diagram shows the Virtual Scrolling regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger\rquote s position. If your finger is in an active Virtual Scrolling region on the TouchPad, the corresponding Virtual Scrolling area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the Virtual Scrolling regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the edge of the crosshatched area.\par
\par
If you have difficulty triggering Virtual Scrolling, try making the Virtual Scrolling region larger by moving the edges of the crosshatched area inward. If you find that Virtual Scrolling triggers too easily, try making the Virtual Scrolling region smaller.\par
\par
If the Virtual Scrolling regions are gray and cannot be adjusted, select a Virtual Scrolling option and then you can resize the regions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
To run the Virtual Scrolling tutorial, click the \b Practice\b0  button. This simple maze will help you learn how to use Virtual Scrolling.\par
\par
Note: Ensure that both the \b Horizontal Scrolling\b0  and \b Vertical Scrolling\b0  check boxes are selected.\par
\par
Survey the maze before you begin to locate the beginning and ending points. You cannot see the entire maze because it is larger than the window that displays it. Use Virtual Scrolling to move your view of the maze in the window. Hold down the \b Ctrl\b0  key and use Virtual Scrolling to zoom the maze larger or smaller.\par
\par
A yellow dot in the upper left corner of the maze marks the entrance to the maze. A blue dot on the right side of the maze marks the exit.\par
\par
To Begin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Click on the red square in the yellow dot to begin.\par
2.\tab Use the \b Arrow\b0  keys or tap your TouchPad to navigate through the maze.\par
3.\tab Use Virtual Scrolling to move your view of the maze.\par
4.\tab Click the \b Close\b0  button on the \b Virtual Scrolling Practice\b0  window after you reach the blue dot in the lower right corner.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
To use Virtual Scrolling on windows that have horizontal scroll bars, select the \b Horizontal Scrolling\b0  check box. Sliding your finger back and forth along the lower edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
To use Virtual Scrolling on windows that have vertical scroll bars, select the \b Vertical Scrolling\b0  check box. Sliding your finger up and down the right edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item vertically.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
This slider allows you to control the Virtual Scrolling speed. Drag the slider to the right for faster scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
To use tapping and pressing motions to perform a specified action, select the \b Enable Press-to-Select\b0  check box. Actions are assigned in the \b Tapping Action\b0  drop-down list.\par
\par
\i Tapping\i0  is a rapid down-up finger motion on the top of the pointing stick. A light, quick tap works best. Very hard or slow taps are less effective. Tap once for a single click, or twice in rapid succession for a double-click.\par
\par
\i Pressing\i0  means swiftly pushing down on the top of the pointing stick with your finger. A light, deliberate press works best. Press straight down to simulate clicking and holding a mouse button. Press straight down and then to the side to click-and-drag in any direction. Lift your finger to release the object being dragged.\par
\par
When the \b Enable Press-to-Select\b0  check box is clear, you must press a button to perform a primary click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
To help prevent unwanted clicks while typing, select this check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
To assign an action to tapping on the pointing stick, select an option from the \b Tapping Action\b0  drop-down list.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
To adjust how quickly you must tap the pointing stick for clicks and double-clicks, move this slider.\par
\par
If you set the pace too slow, you might notice unintended clicks, a pointer delay, or a dragging delay. However, if you set the pace too fast, you might notice that it is hard to use Press-to-Select.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
To enable Virtual Scrolling, select the \b Enable Scrolling\b0  check box. With this option selected, the pointing stick can only be used for horizontal or vertical Virtual Scrolling. You must use the TouchPad or an external mouse to move the cursor.\par
\par
To use Virtual Scrolling, press the pointing stick in the direction you wish to scroll. To stop scrolling, lift your finger off the pointing stick.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
To adjust the speed of \b Virtual Scrolling\b0 , use this slider. Move the slider to the right for faster scrolling or to the left for slower scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
To adjust the force required for both cursor movement and Press-to-Select on the pointing stick, use the \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider.\par
\par
To decrease the amount of force required, move the slider toward \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
To increase the amount of force required, move the slider toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
To keep the pointer inside the active window, select the \b Stop Pointer at Window Borders\b0  check box. Stopping the pointer at the window borders makes it easy to access controls near the edges of a window.\par
\par
With this option selected, the first time you try to move the pointer outside the window, it stops at the edge. If you try a second time, the pointer leaves the window.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
To improve pointing accuracy for fine positioning, select an option from the \b Slow Motion Key\b0  drop-down list. This feature allows you to reduce the speed of the pointer.\par
\par
To use slow motion, press and hold the selected key while moving the pointer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
To automatically move the pointer to the default setting when a dialog box appears on your screen, select this feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
To force purely horizontal or vertical motion of the pointer on the screen, select an option from the \b Constrained Pointer Key\b0  drop-down list.\par
\par
To use constrained pointer motion, press and hold the specified key while moving the pointer. When the key is pressed, the initial direction of your pointer motion determines the direction of movement for as long as your finger remains on the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
To receive feedback about your pointing actions, select the \b Animated\b0  check box. The animated icon will display in the Windows taskbar. Double-click on this icon to access the \b Mouse Properties\b0  window.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
To have very smooth pointer motion, select the \b Fast\b0  pointer refresh rate option.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
If your pointer appears unsteady or flickers on the screen, try selecting the \b Slow\b0  pointer refresh rate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
This is the version number of your Synaptics TouchPad driver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
To obtain the latest information on Synaptics\rquote  patents, visit our Web site at: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dual Mode\b0\par
The Dual Mode feature allows you to switch from Cursor Mode to Button Mode. In Button Mode, the virtual buttons on the TouchPad surface provide convenient shortcuts to frequently used applications and there is a volume controller for quick and easy access to increasing or decreasing sound volume.\par
\par
To enable Dual Mode, select the \b Switch to Button Mode by tapping in the upper-right corner\b0  checkbox.\par
\par
To use Button Mode:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Tap on the \b Mode Switch\b0  button. This button is in the upper right corner of the TouchPad above the volume controller.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Tap on the virtual button for the application you wish to launch. The TouchPad automatically returns to Cursor Mode after the application opens.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Note: You can use Button Mode when an external pointing device, such as a mouse, is\~connected if you select the \b Always in Button Mode when an external device is plugged in\b0  checkbox.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
\b Button Mode Options\b0\par
There are six virtual buttons which can be configured to meet your preferences. The upper three virtual buttons have default settings and the others are un-configured. The default settings for the configured virtual buttons are listed below:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 A tap on the upper left virtual button opens the assigned email application.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper middle virtual button opens the ConfigFree application. Refer\~to the Toshiba online Help for additional information.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper right virtual button sends the item in the active window to\~the printer.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
\b Button Mode Options\b0\par
There are six virtual buttons which can be configured to meet your preferences. Four of\~the virtual buttons have default settings and the others are un-configured. The default settings for the configured virtual buttons are listed below:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 A tap on the upper left virtual button opens the assigned email application.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper middle virtual button opens the assigned Web browser.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper right virtual button opens the BeatJam application. Refer\~to the Toshiba online Help for additional information.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the lower left virtual button opens the Toshiba online Help.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
The \b Button Check\b0  feature guards against operating the Buttons with accidental contact. Button Check allows the Buttons to recognize when your palm is resting on them or brushing their surface while you are typing. This will help to prevent unwanted button activation.\par
\par
If the button exhibits undesired activation, increase the Button Check setting by moving the slider to the right toward \b Maximum\b0 . If the button misses intended activations, decrease the Button Check setting by moving the slider to the left toward \b Minimum\b0 . You are more likely to experience missed buttons if the slider is all the way to the right.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
To configure the action performed when you touch a button, select the button from the menu tree. For example, you could define Button 1 to "go to a web page in your default browser."  Each time you touch Button 1, your web browser would automatically open and load the specified page.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
The \b Sensitivity\b0  settings allow you to personalize the way the device responds to your touch. To adjust the Sensitivity settings, select an item from the \b Sensitivity\b0  menu tree.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
The \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider allows you to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied before the device responds.\par
\par
If the response of the device is erratic, or you work in an area with high humidity, decrease sensitivity by moving the slider to the right toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
If you have to push too hard to operate the device, increase sensitivity by moving the slider to the left toward \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Select an action from the list above to assign it to the selected button. The selected action will occur every time you touch the button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
The \b Enable sounds\b0  check box enables playing a user configurable sound when a button is touched.\par
When \b Enable sounds\b0  is not selected, the sounds are disabled and touching the buttons does not play any sound.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
The \b Enable illumination\b0  check box enables illuminating the buttons when they are inactive and active.\par
When the \b Enable illumination\b0  check box is not checked, illumination is disabled and touching the buttons does not change the brightness of the buttons.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
The \b Inactive Brightness\b0  slider allows you to adjust the brightness level of the buttons when they are not touched.\par
If the brightness level of the buttons is too high when they are not touched then move the slider towards the \b Minimum\b0  setting.\par
If the brightness level of the buttons is too low when they are not touched then move the slider towards the \b Maximum\b0  setting.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
The \b Active Brightness\b0  slider allows you to adjust the brightness level of the buttons when they are touched.\par
If the brightness level of the buttons is too high when they are touched then move the slider towards the \b Minimum\b0  setting.\par
If the brightness level of the buttons is too low when they are touched then move the slider towards the \b Maximum\b0  setting.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Button Mode Options\b0\par
There are six virtual buttons which can be configured to meet your preferences. The upper three virtual buttons have default settings and the others are un-configured. The default settings for the configured virtual buttons are listed below:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 A tap on the upper left virtual button opens the assigned email application.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper middle virtual button opens the ConfigFree application. Refer\~to the Toshiba online Help for additional information.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper right virtual button opens Windows Photo Gallery.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
To configure the action performed when you slide your finger over a slider, select the slider from the menu tree. For example, you could define Slider 1 to "Adjust the Volume on your system."  Each time you slide your finger over Slider 1, the volume would increase or decrease.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
Select an action from the above set of actions to assign to the selected slider. The selected action will occur every time you slide your finger up or down on the slider.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Adjust Pointer Motion Speed\b0\par
This slider controls the speed of the pointer. You can choose the pointer speed by adjusting the slider between \b Slow\b0  and \b Fast\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Button Mode Options\b0\par
There are six virtual buttons which can be configured to meet your preferences. The upper three virtual buttons have default settings and the others are un-configured. The default settings for the configured virtual buttons are listed below:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 A tap on the upper left virtual button opens the assigned email application.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper middle virtual button opens the ConfigFree application. Refer\~to the Toshiba online Help for additional information.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}A tap on the upper right virtual button opens My Pictures folder.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Control Bar\par
\par
The control bar allows you to configure buttons to launch your favorite applications. You can personalize the look-and-feel of the control bar through the illumination, fadeout timing, and touch sensitivity settings. The control bar also provides easy access to volume control for software sound effects.\par
\par
Select the \b Enable\b0  option to activate the control bar for use. If you do not wish to use the control bar, you can select the \b Disable\b0  option.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
LED Illumination\par
\par
You can use the \b LED Illumination\b0  slider to adjust the brightness of the LEDs in the control bar.\par
\par
To increase brightness, move the slider to the right toward \b Bright\b0 .\par
\par
To decrease brightness, move the slider to the left toward \b Dim\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Fadeout Speed\par
\par
You can use the \b Fadeout Speed\b0  slider to set how quickly the LEDs in the control bar fade out after you have touched the control bar and lifted your finger up off of it.\par
\par
To fade out slowly, move the slider to the right toward \b Slow\b0 .\par
\par
To fade out quickly, move the slider to the left toward \b Quick\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Touch Sensitivity\par
\par
The \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider allows you to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied before the control bar responds to your touch.\par
\par
If the control bar does not respond to your touch or you have to press hard to operate it, increase sensitivity by moving the slider to the left toward \b Light\b0 .\par
\par
If you inadvertently operate the control bar with a light touch, decrease sensitivity by moving the slider to the right toward \b Heavy\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Sound Effects\par
\par
To assign a sound effect to a specific action, enter a sound file or Browse and select a sound file.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volume\par
\par
The \b Volume\b0  slider provides an easy way to control the volume of the sound effects.\par
\par
To increase the volume, move the slider to the right toward \b Loud\b0 .\par
\par
To decrease the volume, move the slider to the left toward \b Quiet\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Applications\par
\par
To assign a button to launch an application, enter an executable file or Browse and select an application to launch.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
The \b TouchPad Disable Zone\b0  feature allows you to enable or disable the TouchPad by touching the corner and holding your finger still for a brief time.\par
If the TouchPad is enabled, touch the corner to disable it. If the TouchPad is disabled, touch the corner to enable it.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
The \b Minimum Touch Time\b0  slider allows you to change how long you must touch the corner before the TouchPad will be enabled or disabled.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Virtual Scrolling provides an innovative alternative to conventional scrolling methods. Virtual Scrolling operates the scroll bars automatically so there is no need to move the pointer away from your work.\par
\par
Virtual Scrolling works with most scrollable windows such as word processing documents, spreadsheets, and large digital images. It also works with other scrollable items such as file lists and font lists.\par
\par
ChiralMotion scrolling, a unique kind of Virtual Scrolling, allows you to scroll continuously with one, smooth circular motion. Scrolling speed is controlled by the speed of finger motion. To scroll rapidly, make small quick circles. To scroll slowly, make large circles and move your finger slowly. The direction of scrolling can be reversed by changing the direction of motion.\par
\par
To Use Vertical Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable vertical scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
3.\tab Slide your finger up or down the right edge of the TouchPad in the desired direction of scrolling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To Use ChiralMotion to Scroll Vertically:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable vertical scrolling\b0  check box and the \b Enable ChiralMotion scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
3.\tab Place your finger on the TouchPad near the center of the right edge.\par
4.\tab Slide your finger up or down in the desired direction of scrolling and then begin making a circular motion. Your finger can drift towards the center of the TouchPad while making a clockwise or counterclockwise motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To Use Horizontal Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
3.\tab Slide your finger left or right along the lower edge of the TouchPad in the desired direction of scrolling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To Use ChiralMotion to Scroll Horizontally:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0  check box and the \b Enable ChiralMotion scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
3.\tab Place your finger on the TouchPad near the center of the lower edge.\par
4.\tab Slide your finger left or right in the desired direction of scrolling and then begin making a circular motion. Your finger can drift towards the center of the TouchPad while making a clockwise or counterclockwise motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
If Virtual Scrolling does not respond, ensure that the desired \b Enable scrolling\b0  check box or boxes are selected and that the window or item you have clicked on is scrollable. If you still have problems, check your \b Scrolling Region\b0  settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
The \b Momentum\'99\b0  feature delivers smooth, fast, trackball-like mouse movement. One quick flick of the finger on the TouchPad surface can move the cursor across the entire computer screen. Momentum reduces the repetitive motion and fatigue associated with moving the cursor long distances, while providing a smooth and natural feel similar to using a trackball. Momentum is ideal for Real Time Strategy (RTS) games, First Person Shooter (FPS) games, and Role Playing Games (RPG).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
The \b Glide distance\b0  slider enables you to adjust how far the cursor travels in response to the flick of a finger on the TouchPad. To stop the cursor, tap once or place your finger down on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
Select the \b Enable bounce off\b0  screen edge check box to keep the cursor within the boundaries of the computer screen. The \b bounce off screen edge\b0  feature makes it easy to access menu options and controls that are near the edges of the screen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
The Pinch gesture delivers zooming functionality in many applications. The Pinch gesture can be used to perform the same function as a scroll wheel on standard Windows applications that support CTRL-SCROLL WHEEL zoom functionality.\par
\par
To perform a pinch gesture, place two fingers on the TouchPad surface. Move them closer together or further apart. To zoom in, place your fingers on the TouchPad surface near to each other and then slide them apart. To zoom out, begin by placing your fingers apart and then moving them closer together.\par
\par
The best zooming experience results when the finger tips of the two fingers are used for the gesture.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
Two-finger ChiralMotion scrolling provides an innovative alternative to conventional scrolling methods. You can scroll upwards or downwards by simply placing two fingers on the TouchPad and making a circular motion. There is no need to keep both fingers on the TouchPad after scrolling has begun. Scrolling will continue for as long as one finger remains on the TouchPad surface making a circular motion.\par
\par
Finger speed controls the speed of scrolling. To scroll rapidly, make small circles and move your finger quickly. To scroll slowly, make large circles and move your finger slowly. The direction of scrolling can be reversed by changing the direction of motion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
An \b Advanced gesture\b0  is an action that the user makes on a Synaptics TouchPad sensor which is recognized by the host device to perform a specified function.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
A \b Flick\b0  gesture is placing two fingers on the TouchPad surface, slightly separated, and sliding them across the TouchPad in a straight, continuous motion, and then simultaneously lifting both fingers off the TouchPad surface. The action initiated by the Flick gesture is application specific; for example, in Internet Explorer a left flick is "Browse Back."\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
The \b ChiralRotate\b0  gesture rotates the selected object in 90 degree increments, in either clockwise or counter-clockwise directions. The ChiralRotate gesture works only in supported applications.\par
\par
To initiate ChiralRotate, place one finger in the left vertical zone on the TouchPad and move your finger in a circular motion. In supported applications, the selected object will be rotated in 90 degree increments.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Select the \b Enable Pinch\b0  check box to enable this feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Select the \b Enable ChiralRotate\b0  check box to enable this feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Select the \b Enable Flick\b0  check box to enable this feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
To see a demonstration of how to use the Pinch gesture, select the \b Show Video\b0  button, under the \b Enable Pinch\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
To see a demonstration of how to use the ChiralRotate gesture, select the \b Show Video\b0  button, under the \b Enable ChiralRotate\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
To see a demonstration of how to use the Flick gesture, select the \b Show Video\b0  button, under the \b Enable Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
To see a demonstration of how to use the Momentum gesture, select the \b Show Video\b0  button, under the \b Enable Momentum\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
\par
Virtual Scrolling provides an innovative alternative to conventional scrolling methods. Virtual Scrolling operates the scroll bars automatically so there is no need to move the pointer away from your work.\par
\par
Virtual Scrolling works with most scrollable windows such as word processing documents, spreadsheets, and large digital images. It also works with other scrollable items such as file lists and font lists.\par
\par
Linear scrolling, one of Virtual Scrolling, allows you to do conventional scrolling.\par
\par
ChiralMotion scrolling, a unique kind of Virtual Scrolling, allows you to scroll continuously with one, smooth circular motion. Scrolling speed is controlled by the speed of finger motion. To scroll rapidly, make small quick circles. To scroll slowly, make large circles and move your finger slowly. The direction of scrolling can be reversed by changing the direction of motion.\par
\par
To Use Linear Vertical Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable vertical scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  icon or double click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Select the \b Long Distance Scrolling\b0 .\par
4.\tab Click the \b Linear scrolling\b0  radio button.\par
5.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
6.\tab Slide your finger up or down the right edge of the TouchPad in the desired direction of scrolling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To Use ChiralMotion to Scroll Vertically:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable vertical scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  icon or double click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Select the \b Long Distance Scrolling\b0 .\par
4.\tab Click the \b ChiralMotion scrolling\b0  radio button.\par
5.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
6.\tab Place your finger on the TouchPad near the center of the right edge.\par
7.\tab Slide your finger up or down in the desired direction of scrolling and then begin making a circular motion. Your finger can drift towards the center of the TouchPad while making a clockwise or counterclockwise motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To Use Linear Horizontal Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  icon or double click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Select the \b Long Distance Scrolling\b0 .\par
4.\tab Click the \b Linear scrolling\b0  radio button.\par
5.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
6.\tab Slide your finger left or right along the lower edge of the TouchPad in the desired direction of scrolling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To Use ChiralMotion to Scroll Horizontally:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the \b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0  check box.\par
2.\tab Click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0  icon or double click the \b Virtual Scrolling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Select the \b Long Distance Scrolling\b0 .\par
4.\tab Click the \b ChiralMotion scrolling\b0  radio button.\par
5.\tab Click on the window or item you wish to scroll.\par
6.\tab Place your finger on the TouchPad near the center of the lower edge.\par
7.\tab Slide your finger left or right in the desired direction of scrolling and then begin making a circular motion. Your finger can drift towards the center of the TouchPad while making a clockwise or counterclockwise motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
If Virtual Scrolling does not respond, ensure that the desired \b Enable scrolling\b0  check box or boxes are selected and that the window or item you have clicked on is scrollable. If you still have problems, check your \b Scrolling Region\b0  settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
To see a demonstration of how to use Virtual Scrolling, select the \b Show Video\b0  button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
To see a demonstration of how to use the \b Flick\b0  gesture, select the \b Show Video\b0  button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
To use vertical flick gestures, select the \b Enable Vertical Flick\b0  check box.  Place two fingers, slightly separated, on the TouchPad and slide up or down. When done, lift them to perform an application-specific function.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
To use horizontal flick gestures, select the \b Enable Horizontal Flick\b0  check box.  Place two fingers, slightly separated, on the TouchPad and slide right or left. When done, lift them to perform an application-specific function.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Click the \b Show Video\b0  button to see it in action.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
This \b Properties\b0  window allows you to personalize your pointing device settings.  Use the menu tree to the left to access the customizable features.  These include single-finger pointing and scrolling options, plus multi-finger gestures to manipulate documents, objects, and applications.\par
\par
\b Using the Properties Window\b0\par
Click on a feature in the menu tree to see a page of descriptions and settings for that feature.  Some features have several pages of settings.  Click on the + (plus sign) next to a feature to see all its related pages.  The settings will appear in the window to the right of the menu tree.  Information about these options and instructions on how to change them will appear here in this information box.  You can use the scroll bar to view the contents of the information box.\par
\par
\b Defaults Button\b0\par
The \b Defaults\b0  button returns all the settings on the current page back to their factory-set values.\par
\par
\b OK Button\b0\par
The \b OK\b0  button saves your changes and closes the Properties window.\par
\par
\b Cancel Button\b0\par
The \b Cancel\b0  button closes the Properties window without saving any changes and reverts to all the previous settings.\par
\par
\b Apply Button\b0\par
The \b Apply\b0  button saves your changes, but keeps the Properties window open so you can make more changes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
The \b Pointing\b0  settings pages enable you to specify how the cursor responds to your pointing and selection actions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Select the \b Enable Momentum\b0  check box to use this feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
The \b Constrained Motion\b0  feature allows you to force purely horizontal or vertical motion of the pointer on the screen. This feature is most useful when using a drawing program. You activate Constrained Motion by pressing and holding a specified key while moving the pointer. When the key is pressed, the initial direction of your pointer determines the allowed direction of movement for as long as your finger remains on the TouchPad.\par
\par
To use Constrained Motion:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the Enable Constrained Motion check box to enable the options in the list box.\par
2.\tab Choose a key from the list box for activating Constrained Motion.\par
3.\tab Press and hold the selected key whenever you want to constrain pointer motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Scrolling\b0\par
The scrolling features allow you to operate the scroll bars of the selected window automatically; there is no need to move the pointer away from your work. The scrolling features work with most scrollable windows such as documents, spreadsheets, large digital images, and other scrollable items such as file lists and font lists.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Reverse Scrolling\b0\par
The \b Reverse Scrolling Direction\b0  feature allows you to change standard scrolling behavior. Standard scrolling moves the scroll bar in the direction of finger movement. The Reverse Scrolling Direction feature moves the document or object in the direction of finger motion.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable reverse scrolling direction\b0  check box.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
The \b Scrolling speed\b0  slider allows you to adjust the speed of scrolling. Drag the slider to the right for faster scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling\b0\par
The ChiralScrolling\'99 feature enables you to scroll continuously with one, smooth, circular motion. Scrolling speed is controlled by finger speed.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable ChiralScrolling\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the \i target\i0  zone. To scroll up or down, the target zone is the right side of the TouchPad. To scroll left or right, the target zone is the lower edge of the TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Move your finger in the direction you want to scroll, and then begin moving your finger in clockwise or counterclockwise circles. Once ChiralScrolling is initiated, your finger can drift anywhere on the TouchPad surface while making a circular motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
NOTE: To change the direction of scrolling, simply reverse the direction of finger motion. You will begin scrolling in the opposite direction.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab To stop scrolling and return to pointing mode, lift your finger up off the TouchPad surface.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b One-Finger Scrolling\b0\par
You can scroll vertically and horizontally.\par
\par
Click on the window or item you wish to scroll and slide your finger upwards or downwards along the right edge of the TouchPad to scroll vertically.  Slide your finger to the left or right along the lower edge of the TouchPad to scroll horizontally.\par
\par
If scrolling does not respond, ensure that the appropriate check box is selected and that the window or item on which you have clicked is scrollable. If you still have problems, check your \b Scrolling Region\b0  settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
The diagram above represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the scrolling regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active scrolling region on the TouchPad, the corresponding scrolling area on the diagram will turn a solid color. You can make the scrolling regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the edge of the cross-hatched area.\par
\par
If you have difficulty triggering scrolling, try making the scrolling region larger by moving the edges of the cross-hatched area inward. If you find that scrolling triggers too easily, try making the scrolling region smaller.\par
\par
If the scrolling regions are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that the scrolling feature is enabled.\par
\par
To enable scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b Scrolling\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select the desired method of scrolling, and enable vertical or horizontal scrolling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable horizontal scrolling on windows that have horizontal scroll bars. Sliding your finger to the left or right along the lower edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Enable vertical scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable vertical scrolling. Sliding your finger up or down along the right edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item vertically.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Scrolling\b0\par
The Two-Finger Scrolling feature allows you to scroll vertically or horizontally and initiate scrolling from anywhere on the TouchPad surface. Simply place two fingers down on the TouchPad and then slide them in the desired direction. You do not need to be in a scrolling region to scroll.\par
\par
To use Two-Finger Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place two fingers down on the TouchPad surface. The fingers should be slightly separated.\par
2.\tab Using a straight continuous motion, slide both fingers in the desired direction.\par
3.\tab Lift both fingers up off the TouchPad surface to stop scrolling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable horizontal scrolling on windows that have horizontal scroll bars. Sliding your two fingers to the left or right on the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Enable vertical scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable vertical scrolling. Sliding your two fingers up or down on the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item vertically.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
The \b Coasting\b0  feature helps you to scroll easily through long documents. With Coasting, scrolling continues after you have lifted your finger up off the TouchPad surface. To use Coasting, move and then lift your finger in one smooth motion. To stop the coasting motion, place your finger back down on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Pinch Zoom\b0\par
The Pinch Zoom gesture delivers zooming functionality in many applications. You can use the Pinch Zoom gesture to perform the same functions that a scroll wheel performs on standard Windows applications that support CTRL-SCROLL WHEEL zoom functionality.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Pinch Zoom\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use a Pinch Zoom gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place two fingers down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Slide the fingers further apart to zoom in or slide the fingers closer together to zoom out. For the best zooming experience, use the tips of your fingers.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
The \b Rotating\b0  features provide convenient gestures for rotating photos and other objects.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Press\b0\par
The Three-Finger Press gesture provides a shortcut for launching a specified application or applications.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Three-Finger Press\b0  check box. To customize the applications that launch, click the \b Configure\b0  button.\par
\par
To use the Three-Finger Press feature:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers down on the TouchPad surface. Ensure that there is a small gap between the fingers.\par
2.\tab Hold your fingers still until the application or applications begin to launch.\par
3.\tab Lift your fingers up off the TouchPad surface.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Flick\b0\par
\par
The Three-Finger-Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Three-Finger-Flick gesture for browsing the Internet or scrolling through photos in a photo viewer window. You can also use the Three-Finger-Flick gesture to enter or exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Three-Finger Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Three-Finger-Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers, slightly separated, down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Flick your fingers in a linear, continuous motion in the desired direction, moving from one side of the TouchPad to the opposite side.\par
3.\tab Horizontal finger motion, sliding your fingers to the right or left will page forwards or backwards in a photo viewer or an Internet browser window.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To use the Three-Finger-Flick gesture for slideshow mode, slide your fingers vertically. Slide your fingers upwards to launch slideshow mode. Slide your fingers downwards to exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Palm on Pad\b0\par
The Palm-on-Pad gesture enables you to clear your desktop by minimizing all open windows. Repeating this gesture restores the windows.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Palm on Pad\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Palm-on-Pad gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place the \i heel\i0  of your thumb down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Hold your hand still until your desktop windows have been minimized or restored.\par
3.\tab Lift your hand up off the TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Practice Scrolling\b0\par
Click the \b Practice\b0  button to run the scrolling tutorial. A simple maze will help you learn how to use scrolling.\par
\par
Survey the maze before you begin to locate the beginning and ending points. You cannot see the entire maze because it is larger than the window that displays it. Scroll to move your view of the maze in the window. Hold down the Ctrl key and use scrolling to resize the maze.\par
\par
A yellow dot in the upper left corner of the maze marks the entrance to the maze. A blue dot on the right side of the maze marks the exit.\par
\par
To practice scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Click on the red square in the yellow dot to begin.\par
2.\tab Use the Arrow keys or tap your TouchPad to navigate through the maze.\par
3.\tab Use the desired scrolling method to move your view of the maze.\par
4.\tab Click the Close button on the scrolling practice window after you reach the blue dot in the lower right corner.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart M-Gesture\b0\par
The HP MediaSmart application can be launched by performing an M-shaped gesture on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable HP MediaSmart M-Gesture\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use this gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Tap two fingers on the TouchPad surface, then immediately place them back down.\par
2.\tab Slide the fingers in a large \i M\i0  shape pattern.\par
3.\tab The HP MediaSmart application will launch.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
The \b Pointing Enhancements\b0  features enable you to specify how the cursor responds to your pointing actions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Application gestures provide shortcuts to frequently used applications or functions. The computer\rquote s response to these gestures can be application-specific.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
The \b EdgeMotion\'99\b0  feature is designed to simplify long-distance pointer motions. When your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad, the pointer will continue to move in the same direction until you lift your finger. Select one of the EdgeMotion options.\par
\par
The scrolling features also support EdgeMotion. To use EdgeMotion while scrolling, select the \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0  under \b One-Finger Scrolling\b0  or \b Two-Finger Scrolling\b0  under \b Scrolling\b0  in the menu tree.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Select the \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0  check box if you want scrolling to continue when your fingers reach the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
The \b Sensitivity\b0  settings allow you to personalize the way the TouchPad responds to your touch.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
The \b Coasting\b0  feature helps you to scroll easily through long documents. With Coasting, scrolling continues after you have lifted your fingers up off the TouchPad surface. To use Coasting, move and lift your fingers in one smooth motion. To stop the coasting motion, place your fingers back down on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Pivot Rotate\b0\par
The Pivot Rotate gesture allows you to rotate objects such as a photo, a Portable Document Format (PDF) file, or other selected object, in 90 degree increments.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Pivot Rotate\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use a Pivot Rotate gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the lower left corner of the TouchPad, and keep it stationary.\par
2.\tab Place another finger down near the middle of the TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Slide the second finger in a circular motion around first finger. Ensure that the space between the two fingers remains the same while making the circular motion. Slide clockwise or counterclockwise to rotate the selected object in the desired direction.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Right Corner Pivot\b0\par
To use the Pivot Rotate feature in the lower right corner of the TouchPad, select the \b Right Corner Pivot\b0  check box. Using the right corner of the TouchPad may be more comfortable when performing this gesture with the left hand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\b0\par
The ChiralRotate\'99 gesture rotates the selected object in 90 degree increments.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the Enable ChiralRotate check box. Note that the ChiralRotate gesture works only with supported applications.\par
\par
To use the ChiralRotate gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the left \i target\i0  zone of the TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Slide your finger downwards or upwards and begin making a circular motion. To rotate the object in a clockwise direction, move your finger in clockwise circles. To rotate the object in a counterclockwise direction, move your finger in counterclockwise circles.\par
3.\tab Lift your finger up off the TouchPad surface to return to pointing mode.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b Switch TouchPad Off\b0\par
\par
If you do not wish to use the TouchPad, you can switch it off. Place one finger down on the upper left corner of the TouchPad and hold your finger still for a moment. The TouchPad will be switched off. The TouchPad icon in the task bar will change to indicate that the TouchPad is unavailable for use.\par
\par
To switch the TouchPad back on, touch the upper left corner again. The icon in the taskbar will return to the enabled state.\par
\par
To specify how long the TouchPad will remain off, select the desired option.\par
The \b Switch TouchPad off\b0  option will keep the TouchPad off until you restore it for use by touching the upper left corner.\par
\par
The \b Switch TouchPad off for one session\b0  option will switch the TouchPad off for one logon session. The TouchPad will automatically be restored for use the next time you log on.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Flick\b0\par
\par
The Two-Finger-Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture for browsing the Internet or scrolling through photos in a photo viewer window. You can also use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture to enter or exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Two-Finger Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place two fingers, slightly separated, down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Flick your fingers in a linear, continuous motion in the desired direction, moving from one side of the TouchPad to the opposite side.\par
3.\tab Horizontal finger motion, sliding your fingers to the right or left will page forwards or backwards in a photo viewer or an Internet browser window.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture for slideshow mode, slide your fingers vertically. Slide your fingers upwards to launch slideshow mode. Slide your fingers downwards to exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Flick\b0\par
\par
The Two-Finger-Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture for browsing the Internet or scrolling through photos in a photo viewer window.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Two-Finger Horizontal Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place two fingers, slightly separated, down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Flick your fingers horizontally in a straight, continuous motion in the desired direction, moving from one side of the TouchPad to the opposite side.\par
3.\tab Slide your fingers to the right or left to page forwards or backwards in a photo viewer or an Internet browser window.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Flick\b0\par
\par
The Two-Finger-Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture to enter or exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Two-Finger Vertical Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Two-Finger-Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place two fingers, slightly separated, down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Slide your fingers vertically in a straight, continuous motion in the desired direction.\par
3.\tab Slide your fingers upwards to launch slideshow mode or downwards to exit slideshow mode.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Horizontal Flick\b0\par
\par
The Three-Finger Horizontal Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Three-Finger Horizontal Flick gesture for browsing the Internet or scrolling through photos in a photo viewer window.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Three-Finger Horizontal Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Three-Finger Horizontal Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers, slightly separated, down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Flick your fingers horizontally in a straight, continuous motion in the desired direction, moving from one side of the TouchPad to the opposite side.\par
3.\tab Slide your fingers to the right or left to page forwards or backwards in a photo viewer or an Internet browser window.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Vertical Flick\b0\par
\par
The Three-Finger Vertical Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Three-Finger Vertical Flick gesture to enter or exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Three-Finger Vertical Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Three-Finger Vertical Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers, slightly separated, down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Slide your fingers vertically in a straight, continuous motion in the desired direction.\par
3.\tab Slide your fingers upwards to launch slideshow mode or downwards to exit slideshow mode.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Circular Scrolling\b0\par
The Circular Scrolling feature enables you to scroll continuously with one, smooth, circular motion. Scrolling speed is controlled by finger speed.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Circular Scrolling\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use Circular Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the \i target\i0  zone. To scroll up or down, the target zone is along the right edge of the TouchPad. To scroll left or right, the target zone is along the lower edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
2.\tab Slide your finger in the direction you want to scroll, and then begin moving your finger in clockwise or counterclockwise circles. Once Circular Scrolling is initiated, your finger can drift anywhere on the TouchPad surface while making a circular motion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
NOTE: To change the direction of scrolling, simply reverse the direction of finger motion. You will begin scrolling in the opposite direction.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab To stop scrolling and return to pointing mode, lift your finger up off the TouchPad surface.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
The \b Auto Scrolling\b0  feature helps you to scroll easily through long documents with a single stroke of the finger. Scrolling continues after you have lifted your finger up off the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
To use Auto Scrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Click on the windows or item you wish to scroll.\par
2.\tab Slide one finger, along the scrolling region of the TouchPad, in the direction you want to scroll. To scroll up or down, the scrolling region is the right edge. To scroll left or right, the scrolling region is the lower edge.\par
\pard\tx180\par
If Auto Scrolling does not respond, check your \b Scrolling Region\b0  settings. If you still have problems using Auto Scrolling, ensure that the window or item you have clicked on is scrollable.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
The \b Rotate\b0  features provide convenient gestures for rotating photos and other objects.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b My Favorites gesture\b0\par
The My Favorites gesture provides a shortcut for launching a specified application or applications.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable My Favorites gesture\b0  check box. To customize the applications that launch, click the \b Configure\b0  button.\par
\par
To use this gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers down on the TouchPad surface. Ensure that there is a small gap between the fingers.\par
2.\tab Hold your fingers still until the application or applications begin to launch.\par
3.\tab Lift your fingers up off the TouchPad surface.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Flick\b0\par
The Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Flick gesture for browsing the Internet or scrolling through photos in a photo viewer window. You can also use the Flick gesture to enter or exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Flick\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use the Flick gesture for navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers down on the TouchPad surface. Ensure that there is a small gap between the fingers\par
2.\tab Flick your fingers in a linear, continuous motion in the desired direction, moving from one side of the TouchPad to the opposite side.\par
3.\tab Horizontal finger motion, sliding your fingers to the right or left will page forwards or backwards in a photo viewer or an Internet browser window.\par
\pard\tx180\par
To use the Flick gesture for slideshow mode:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Slide your fingers upwards to launch slideshow mode.\par
2.\tab Slide your fingers downwards to exit slideshow mode.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Home Gesture\b0\par
The Home Gesture enables you to clear your desktop by minimizing all open windows. Repeating this gesture restores the windows.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Home Gesture\b0 check box.\par
\par
To use the Home Gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place the \i heel\i0  of your thumb down on the TouchPad surface.\par
2.\tab Hold your hand still until your desktop windows have been minimized or restored.\par
3.\tab Lift your hand up off the TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoom Zone\b0\par
With the Zoom Zone feature, you can use the left side of the Touchpad to zoom-in on or zoom-out of the item in the active window. The Zoom Zone feature performs the same zooming functionality as a scroll wheel on standard Windows applications that support CTRL-SCROLL WHEEL.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Zoom Zone\b0  check box.\par
\par
\b To Zoom In:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place a finger on the Touchpad near the lower left corner.\par
2.\tab Slide the finger upwards toward the upper left corner.\par
3.\tab Repeat until the desired level of magnification is reached.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b To Zoom Out:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place a finger on the Touchpad near the upper left corner.\par
2.\tab Slide the finger downwards toward the lower left corner.\par
3.\tab Repeat until the desired level of magnification is reached.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
The \b TouchCheck\b0  feature guards against operating the TouchPad with accidental contact. TouchCheck allows the TouchPad to recognize when your palm is resting on it or brushing its surface while you are typing. This will help to prevent unwanted pointer movement or clicks.\par
\par
If the TouchPad exhibits undesired pointer movement or clicks, increase the TouchCheck setting by moving the slider to the right toward \b Maximum\b0 . If the TouchPad misses intended motions or taps, decrease the TouchCheck setting by moving the slider to the left toward \b Minimum\b0 . You are more likely to experience missed motions or taps if the slider is in the red zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Rotate\b0\par
The Rotate gesture allows you to rotate objects such as a photo, a Portable Document Format (PDF) file, or other selected object, in 90 degree increments.\par
\par
To enable this feature, select the \b Enable Rotate\b0  check box.\par
\par
To use a Rotate gesture:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the lower left corner of the TouchPad, and keep it stationary.\par
2.\tab Place another finger down near the middle of the TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Slide the second finger in a circular motion around first finger. Ensure that the space between the two fingers remains the same while making the circular motion. Slide clockwise or counterclockwise to rotate the selected object in the desired direction.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Right Corner Rotate\b0\par
To use the Rotate feature in the lower right corner of the TouchPad, select the \b Right Corner Rotate\b0  check box. Using the right corner of the TouchPad may be more comfortable when performing this gesture with the left hand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoom Rate\b0\par
The Zoom Rate slider controls how quickly the window zooms in response to finger motion in the zooming area.\par
\par
To zoom slower, move the slider toward \b Slow\b0 .\par
To zoom faster, move the slider toward \b Fast\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZones perform the same function as physical buttons. There are two ClickZones along the lower edge of the ClickPad. Pressing a ClickZone is like clicking a left or right button. To use ClickZones, select the \b Enable ClickZones \b0 option.\par
\par
If you do not enable ClickZones, you must enable \b Tapping \b0 or use an external mouse to perform a primary or secondary button click.\par
\par
The left ClickZone performs a primary click. The right ClickZone performs a secondary click. To change these settings, select \b Left Click \b0 or \b Right Click \b0 and configure it as desired.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZones perform the same function as physical buttons. There are three ClickZones along the lower edge of the ClickPad: left, middle, and right. Pressing a ClickZone performs the same function as clicking a button. To use ClickZones, select the \b Enable ClickZones \b0 option.\par
\par
If you do not enable ClickZones, you must enable \b Tapping \b0 or use an external mouse to perform a primary or secondary button click.\par
\par
The left ClickZone performs a primary click. The right ClickZone performs a secondary click. The middle ClickZone performs the same function as a middle button. To change these settings, select \b Left Click \b0, \b Middle Click \b0, or \b Right Click \b0 and configure it as desired.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
You can select an action from the list to assign it to the left ClickZone.\par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear.\par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
You can select an action from the list to assign it to the middle ClickZone.\par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear.\par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
You can select an action from the list to assign it to the right ClickZone.\par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear.\par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZones perform the same function as physical buttons. There are two ClickZones along the lower edge of the ClickPad. Pressing a ClickZone is like clicking a left or right button. To use ClickZones, select the \b Enable ClickZones \b0 option.\par
\par
If you do not enable ClickZones, you can enable the physical buttons to perform a primary or secondary click. If you do not enable ClickZones or the physical buttons, you must enable \b Tap Zones \b0 (under the \b Tapping \b0 menu tree) or use an external mouse to perform a primary or secondary click.\par
\par
The left ClickZone and physical button perform a primary click. The right ClickZone and physical button perform a secondary click. To change these settings, select \b Left Click \b0 or \b Right Click \b0 and configure it as desired.\par
\par
Click the \b Show Video \b0 button to see how to use ClickZones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZones perform the same function as physical buttons. There are three ClickZones along the lower edge of the ClickPad: left, middle, and right. Pressing a ClickZone performs the same function as clicking a left, middle, or right button. To use ClickZones, select the \b Enable ClickZones \b0 option.\par
\par
If you do not enable ClickZones, you can enable physical buttons to perform a primary or secondary click. If you do not enable ClickZones or physical buttons, you must enable \b Tap Zones \b0(under the \b Tapping \b0 menu tree) or use an external mouse to perform a primary or secondary button click.\par
\par
The left ClickZone and button perform a primary click. The right ClickZone and button perform a secondary click. To change these settings, select \b Left Click \b0 or \b Right Click \b0 and configure it as desired.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
You can select an action from the list to assign it to the left ClickZone. The option that you select for the left ClickZone is automatically assigned to the left button. For example, if you want to swap the action for the left and right ClickZones, you can select \b Secondary Click\b0. Be sure to change the action for the right ClickZone to make it a \b Primary Click \b0 to complete the change.\par
\par
Many actions do not require additional configuration. If more information is required, the Configure button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
Click the \b Show Video \b0 button to see a left ClickZone in use.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
You can select an action from the list to assign it to the middle ClickZone. The option that you select for the middle ClickZone is automatically assigned to the middle physical button (if there is a middle physical button). For example, if you select \b Jump to the Start Button\b0, then a middle click will cause the pointer to jump to the \b Start \b0 button in the Windows task bar and automatically open the \b Start Menu\b0.\par
\par
Many actions do not require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
Click the Show Video button to see a middle ClickZone in use.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
You can select an action from the list to assign it to the right ClickZone. The option that you select for the right ClickZone is automatically assigned to the right physical button. For example, if you want to swap the action for the left and right ClickZones, you can select \b Primary Click\b0. Be sure to change the action for the right ClickZone to make it a \b Secondary Click \b0 to complete the change.\par
\par
Many actions do not require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a configuration dialog box will appear. Click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
Click the \b Show Video \b0 button to see a right ClickZone in use.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
The ClickButtons feature transforms the entire ClickPad surface into one big virtual button. You can press anywhere on the ClickPad to perform a primary, secondary, or middle button click. Select the \b Enable ClickButtons \b0 option to use this feature.\par
\par
Pressing one finger down performs a primary click. Pressing two fingers down performs a secondary click. Pressing three fingers down performs a middle button click. To change these settings, select \b One-Finger Click\b0, \b Two-Finger Click\b0, or \b Three-Finger Click \b0 and configure it as desired.\par
\par
If you do not enable ClickButtons, you must enable \b Tapping \b0 or use an external mouse to perform a primary, secondary, or middle button click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
To perform a one-finger click, press one finger down on the ClickPad surface until you feel it descend. By default, a one-finger click is equivalent to clicking a primary button. \par
\par
If you wish to change the default setting, select an option from the list. \par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear. \par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
To perform a two-finger click, press two fingers down on the ClickPad surface until you feel it descend. By default, a two-finger click is equivalent to clicking a secondary button. \par
\par
If you wish to change the default setting, select an option from the list. \par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear. \par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
To perform a three-finger click, press three fingers down on the ClickPad surface until you feel it descend. By default, a three-finger click is equivalent to clicking a middle button. \par
\par
If you wish to change the default setting, select an option from the list. \par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear. \par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
The ClickButtons feature transforms the entire ClickPad surface into one big virtual button. You can press anywhere to perform a primary, secondary, or middle button click. Select the \b Enable ClickButtons \b0 option to use this feature.\par
\par
Pressing one finger down performs a primary click. Pressing two fingers down performs a secondary click. Pressing three fingers down performs a middle button click. To change these settings, select \b One-Finger Click\b0, \b Two-Finger Click\b0, or \b Three-Finger Click \b0 and configure it as desired.\par
\par
If you do not enable ClickButtons, you can enable the physical buttons to perform a primary or secondary click. If you do not enable ClickButtons or the physical buttons, you must enable \b Tap Zones \b0 (under the \b Tapping \b0 menu tree) or use an external mouse to perform a primary, secondary, or middle button click.\par
\par
To modify your button settings, select \b Physical Buttons \b0 in the menu tree and then configure the \b Left Click \b0 and the \b Right Click \b0 as desired.\par
\par
Click the \b Show Video \b0 button to see how to use ClickButtons.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
The TwistRotate gesture enables you to rotate items such as photos, Portable Document Format (PDF) files, or other items. To enable this feature, select the \b Enable TwistRotate \b0 check box.\par
\par
\b To perform a TwistRotate gesture: \b0\par
\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select the object you wish to rotate.\par
2.\tab Place two fingers on the TouchPad. There should be a slight gap between your fingers.\par
3.\tab Slide your fingers in a clockwise or counterclockwise direction. The motion is similar to turning a knob.\par
4.\tab Repeat the rotating motion as needed.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
The Click-and-Drag feature allows you to use ClickZones to move things.\par
\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Use your cursor to highlight the item you want to move.\par
2.\tab Press down on the ClickZone that performs a primary click. By default, this is the left ClickZone.\par
3.\tab Keep the ClickZone down while using a second finger to drag the selected item to the desired location.\par
4.\tab Lift your finger off the ClickZone when you want to release the item being dragged.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
If you have difficulty performing a Click-and-Drag gesture, ensure that your ClickZones are enabled and ensure that you are pressing on the ClickZone that is configured to perform a primary click.\par
\par
Select \b Buttons and ClickZones \b0 in the menu tree to check your ClickZone settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
You can click-and-drag with one finger to move a selected item. You can click-and-drag with two fingers to perform the equivalent of a right-physical-button click-and-drag.\par
\par
\b To perform a One-Finger Click-and-Drag Gesture:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Use your cursor to highlight the item you want to move.\par
2.\tab Press one finger down on the ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Keep the ClickPad pressed down while dragging the selected item to the desired location.\par
4.\tab Lift your finger off the ClickPad when you want to release the item.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b To perform a Two-Finger Click-and-Drag Gesture:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Use your cursor to highlight the item you want to move. \par
2.\tab Press two-fingers down on the ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Keep the ClickPad pressed down while dragging the selected item to the desired location.\par
4.\tab Lift your fingers off the ClickPad when you want to release the item.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
The \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider allows you to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied before the Scroll Pad responds.\par
\par
If your Scroll Pad responds erratically, or you work in an area with high humidity, decrease sensitivity by moving the slider to the right toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
If you have to press too hard to operate the Scroll Pad, increase sensitivity by moving the slider to the left toward \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
The \b Sensitivity\b0  settings allow you to personalize the way the Scroll Pad responds to your touch. To adjust the Sensitivity settings, select an item from the \b Sensitivity\b0  menu tree.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
The \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 feature guards against operating the Scroll Pad with accidental contact. PalmCheck allows the Scroll Pad to recognize when your palm is resting on it or brushing its surface while you are typing. This will help to prevent unwanted scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
The \b Enable button\b0  check box enables the button for this device. To configure the action performed when you press the button, select the name of the button from the menu tree.\par
\par
When \b Enable button\b0  is not selected, the button is disabled and pressing it has no effect.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
Select an action from the list above to assign it to the selected button. The selected action will occur every time you press the button.\par
\par
Note that the button must be enabled to assign an action to it. To enable the button, perform the following steps:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Select \b Button\b0  in the menu tree to the left.\par
2.\tab Select the \b Enable button\b0  check box.\par
3.\tab Select the button from the \b Button\b0  menu tree to return to this page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
These options allow you to specify which window or item is scrolled when you use Scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Some applications allow you to specify the degree of rotation. The option you select in the \b Enable Degree of Rotation \b0 field will be applied if the application supports it.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Click the \b Show Video \b0 button to see how to perform this gesture.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
With the Enable edge tap filtering option selected, incidental finger tapping along the edges of the TouchPad will be ignored.\par
\par
The edge region is denoted by the cross-hatched area shown above. You can adjust the size of the edge region by dragging the black resize handles. Please note that pointer motion, area selection, scrolling region, and gesture input are not affected by this setting.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
The Starting zone feature helps to minimize unintentional pointer motion and area selection.\par
\par
With this option selected, your finger must initially contact the TouchPad in the Starting zone for pointer motion or area selection to occur. If pointer motion or area selection is attempted with initial contact outside of the Starting zone, the contact will be ignored. As long as pointer motion or area selection begins from within the Starting zone, areas of the TouchPad that are outside of the Starting zone will work normally until the Starting zone is reset. By adjusting the slider above, you can specify how soon the Starting zone will reset when no contact occurs on the pad. Tapping, scrolling regions, and gestures are not affected by the Starting zone option.\par
\par
For best results, enable the PalmCheck feature in addition to this feature.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
The \b Touch Sensitivity\b0  slider allows you to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied before the Scroll Sensor responds.\par
\par
If your Scroll Sensor responds erratically, or you work in an area with high humidity, decrease sensitivity by moving the slider to the right toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
If you have to press too hard to operate the Scroll Sensor, increase sensitivity by moving the slider to the left toward \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
The \b Sensitivity\b0  settings allow you to personalize the way the Scroll Sensor responds to your touch. To adjust the Sensitivity settings, select an item from the \b Sensitivity\b0  menu tree.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
When Two-Finger Double Tap is enabled, you can simultaneously tap two fingers twice on the TouchPad to launch the application of your choice. (Ensure there is a small gap between your fingers.) Click Configure to select which application you want this gesture to launch.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
The Starting zone is denoted by the cross-hatched area shown above. You can adjust the size of the Starting zone by dragging the black resize handles. \par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b What is a ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
A Synaptics ClickPad is similar to a Synaptics TouchPad. A ClickPad can be used for scrolling, pointing, and selection, just like a TouchPad.\par
\par
A ClickPad, however, descends when pressed. Pressing down on a ClickPad feels similar to pressing a physical button. This makes the ClickPad a convenient alternative to physical buttons or a mouse.\par
\par
Your ClickPad has one or both of the following features:\par
\par
 ClickButtons\par
 ClickZones\par
\par
Select the feature in the menu tree to the left to learn more about it.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Magnify Mode\b0\par
With the magnifier option enabled, the pointer can turn into a magnifying glass and used to magnify any part of the screen. Input the magnifier\rquote s size (between 100 and 400 pixels in each direction), and the default zoom level.\par
\par
\b To Enter and Use Magnify Mode:\b0\par
Place one finger on the TouchPad and double tap with a second finger. A rectangle (magnifier) will display.  \par
\par
While in magnify mode, move the magnifier as you would move a pointer to change position. You can use the pinch zoom gesture to increase or decrease magnification level.  \par
\par
\b To Exit Magnify Mode:\b0\par
Click the left mouse button, tap the TouchPad, or press Esc on the keyboard to return to normal pointer mode.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Single Tap\b0\par
By enabling the two finger single tap, you can configure the TouchPad to act as a button when it is tapped with two fingers. Select anction from the list to assign it to two finger single tap and configure if required.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Vertical Strokes\b0\par
The Three-Finger Vertical Stroke provides shortcuts to My Computer and the Task Switcher. To enable Three-Finger stroke up, click the \ldblquote My Computer\rdblquote  checkbox. To Enable Three-Finger Stroke Down, click the \ldblquote Switch among windows\rdblquote  checkbox.\par
\par
\b Three-Finger Stroke Up:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers (slightly apart) at the lower edge of the TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Slide your fingers toward the top edge of the TouchPad.\par
3.\tab The My Computer window will open.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Three-Finger Stroke Down:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place three fingers (slightly apart) near the top edge of the TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Slide your fingers down to the lower edge of the TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Lift your fingers off the TouchPad.\par
4.\tab The Task Switcher will launch.\par
5.\tab Use Three-Finger horizontal strokes to the left or right to switch applications.\par
6.\tab When the desired application is highlighted, lift all your fingers off the TouchPad to switch to it.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
The \b EdgeMotion \b0 feature is designed to simplify long-distance pointer motions. When your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad, the pointer will continue to move in the same direction until you lift your finger. \par
\par
To enable EdgeMotion, ensure that tapping is enabled, and then select the desired EdgeMotion options. \par
\par
The scrolling features also support EdgeMotion. To use EdgeMotion while scrolling, select the desired scrolling options.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
The \b TouchPad Disable Zone\b0  feature allows you to enable or disable the TouchPad by double tapping on the corner zone of the TouchPad.\par
If the TouchPad is enabled, double tap on the corner to disable it. If the TouchPad is disabled, double tap on the corner to enable it.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Checking this box turns on the double tap to enable this feature. Unchecking this box turns off the double tap to disable it.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Select this check box to enable vertical and horizontal scrolling.\par
Slide your finger up or down on the Touchpad to move the selected item or window vertically.\par
Slide your finger left or right on the Touchpad to move the selected item or window horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Select this check box to enable vertical and horizontal scrolling.\par
Slide your two fingers up or down on the Touchpad to move the selected item or window vertically.\par
Slide your two fingers left or right on the Touchpad to move the selected item or window horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
When Two-Finger Double Tap is enabled, you can simultaneously tap two fingers twice on the TouchPad to launch the application of your choice. (Ensure there is a small gap between your fingers.) Click Configure to select which application you want this gesture to launch.\par
\par
To enable Two-Finger Double Tap:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Ensure that \b Enable Tapping\b0  is selected on the \b Tapping\b0  page.\par
2.\tab Select the \b Enable Two-Finger Double Tap\b0  check box above.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b Switch TouchPad Off\b0\par
If you do not wish to use the TouchPad, you can switch it off. Double tap the upper left corner of the TouchPad. The TouchPad icon in the task bar will change to indicate that the TouchPad is unavailable for use.\par
To switch the TouchPad back on, double tap the upper left corner again. The icon in the taskbar will return to the enabled state.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
The \b Switch TouchPad off\b0  option will keep the TouchPad off until you restore it for use by double tapping the upper left corner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
The \b Switch TouchPad off for one session\b0  option will switch the TouchPad off for the rest of the current session. The TouchPad will automatically be restored for use the next time you log on.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Sensitivity\b0\par
The Sensitivity settings allow you to personalize the way the Scroll Sensor responds to your touch.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
The scrolling features also support EdgeMotion. To use EdgeMotion while scrolling, select the \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0  under \b One-Finger Scrolling\b0  or \b Two-Finger Scrolling\b0  under \b Scrolling\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
When enabled, this filter helps to predict when you are intentionally using the one-finger scrolling region. If you notice you accidentally trigger scrolling, enable this filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
When enabled, this filter helps to predict when you are intentionally using Pinch Zoom, Two-Finger Scroll, Rotate, and Application Gestures.\par
\par
The area of the pad that will allow gesture use is denoted by the cross-hatched area shown above. You can adjust the size of this area by dragging the black resize handles.\par
\par
If initial contact occurs outside of cross-hatched area, the gesture will be ignored. If you accidentally trigger Pinch Zoom, Two-Finger Scrolling, or Rotate, enable this filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b MultiFinger Gestures\b0\par
MultiFinger Gestures provide shortcuts to frequently used applications or functions. The computer's response to these gestures can be application-specific. Click on the help for the individual gestures to find out what they do.
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Two-Finger Scrolling\b0\par
The Two-Finger Scrolling feature allows you to scroll vertically or horizontally from anywhere on the TouchPad surface. Place two fingers down on the TouchPad and then slide them in the desired direction. You do not need to be in a scrolling region to scroll.\par
\par
Watch the video to learn how to use Two-Finger Scrolling. Make sure the fingers are slightly apart from each other. Lift both fingers off the TouchPad to stop scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Enable vertical scrolling\b0\par
Select this checkbox to enable vertical scrolling. Slide your two fingers up or down on the TouchPad to scroll the selected window or item vertically.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Enable horizontal scrolling\b0\par
Select this check box to enable horizontal Virtual Scrolling on windows that have horizontal scroll bars. Sliding your finger back and forth along the lower edge of the TouchPad scrolls the selected window or item horizontally.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0\par
Select this checkbox if you want scrolling to continue when your fingers reach the edge of the TouchPad. To stop scrolling, lift your fingers off the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Enable Coasting\b0\par
Coasting helps you scroll easily through long documents. Select this checkbox if you want scrolling to continue after you have lifted your fingers up off the TouchPad surface. To use Coasting, move and lift your fingers in one smooth motion. To stop the coasting motion, place your fingers back down on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Practice\b0\par
Click the Practice button to run a simple maze to help you learn how to use scrolling.\par
\par
Before you begin, locate the mazes start and end points. You cannot see the entire maze at once because it is larger than the window that displays it. Scroll to move your view of the maze in the window. Hold down the Ctrl key and use scrolling to resize the maze.\par
\par
A yellow dot in the upper left corner of the maze marks the entrance. A blue dot on the right side of the maze marks the exit.\par
\par
To practice scrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Click on the red square in the yellow dot.\par
2.\tab Use the arrow keys or tap your TouchPad to navigate through the maze.\par
3.\tab Use the desired scrolling method to move your view of the maze.\par
4.\tab Close the scrolling practice window after you reach the blue dot on the right.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Pinch Zoom\b0\par
The Pinch Zoom gesture delivers zooming functionality in many applications. You can use the Pinch Zoom gesture to perform the same functions that a scroll wheel performs on standard Windows applications that support Ctrl-Scroll Wheel zoom functionality.\par
\par
Select the Pinch Zoom checkbox to enable the pinch gesture for zooming.  Watch the video to learn how to perform the gesture.  Use the tips of your fingers for best results.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoom Rate\b0\par
The Zoom Rate slider controls how quickly the window zooms in response to the Pinch Zoom gesture.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
To zoom at a slower rate, move the slider toward \b Slow\b0.\par
To zoom at a faster rate, move the slider toward \b Fast\b0.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Enable Pivot Rotate\b0\par
When this box is checked, you can rotate an object, such as a photo, in 90 degree increments.\par
\par
Watch the video to learn how to perform this gesture. Ensure that the space between the two fingers remains the same while performing the gesture.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Right Corner Pivot\b0\par
To use the Pivot Rotate feature in the lower right corner of the TouchPad, select the Right Corner Pivot checkbox. This may be more comfortable when performing the Pivot Rotate gesture with the left hand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Enable ChiralRotate\b0\par
Check this box to use the ChiralRotate gesture to rotate objects in 90 degree increments. Note that the ChiralRotate gesture works only with supported applications.\par
\par
To use the ChiralRotate gesture:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the left target zone (on the bottom) of the TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Slide your finger downwards or upwards and begin making a circular motion. To rotate the object in a clockwise direction, move your finger in clockwise circles. To rotate the object in a counterclockwise direction, move your finger in counterclockwise circles.\par
3.\tab Lift your finger up off the TouchPad surface to return to pointing mode.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Press\b0\par
When this box is checked, a Three-Finger Press will launch a specified application. To customize the application(s) that launch, click the settings button.\par
\par
Watch the video to learn how to perform a Three-Finger Press. Make sure there is a small gap between your fingers when performing this gesture.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Touch Sensitivity\b0\par
The Touch Sensitivity slider allows you to control how much finger pressure is required to move the pointer at a particular speed. If you experience erratic pointer movement, try moving the slider toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 . If the pressure is not registering, move the slider towards \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Scrolling\b0\par
The scrolling features allow you to operate the scroll bars of a window without moving the pointer away from your work. The scrolling features work with most scrollable windows such as documents, spreadsheets, and large digital images.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Enable reverse scrolling direction\b0\par
This feature allows you to change standard scrolling behavior. Standard scrolling moves the scroll bar in the direction of finger movement. Reversing the scrolling direction moves the document or object in the direction of finger motion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Enable ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
This feature enables you to scroll continuously with one, smooth, circular motion. Scrolling speed is controlled by finger speed. To enable this feature, select the Enable ChiralScrolling checkbox.\par
\par
To use ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place one finger down on the target zone. To scroll up or down, the target zone is the right side of the TouchPad. To scroll left or right, the target zone is the lower edge of the TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Move your finger in the direction you want to scroll, and then begin moving your finger in clockwise or counterclockwise circles. Once ChiralScrolling is initiated, your finger can drift anywhere on the TouchPad surface while making a circular motion. Note: To change the direction of scrolling, simply reverse the direction of finger motion. You will begin scrolling in the opposite direction.\par
3.\tab To stop scrolling and return to pointing mode, lift your finger up off the TouchPad surface.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0\par
Select this checkbox if you want scrolling to continue when your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Scrolling Region\b0\par
The scrolling region diagram represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the scrolling regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active scrolling region on the TouchPad, the corresponding scrolling area on the diagram will turn a solid color.\par
\par
You can make the scrolling regions larger or smaller by dragging the small black squares on the edge of the cross-hatched area. If you have difficulty triggering scrolling, make the scrolling region larger by moving the edges of the cross-hatched area inward. If you find that scrolling triggers too easily, make the scrolling region smaller.\par
\par
If the scrolling regions are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that vertical and horizontal scrolling are enabled.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Rotating\b0\par
The Rotating features provide convenient gestures for rotating photos and other objects.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
The PalmCheck feature guards against operating the TouchPad with accidental contact. PalmCheck allows the TouchPad to recognize when your palm is resting on it or brushing its surface while you are typing and ignore that touch. This will help to prevent unwanted pointer movement or clicks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck Sensitivity\b0\par
PalmCheck Sensitivity can be adjusted to match your typing and pointing habits.\par
\par
If the TouchPad exhibits undesired pointer movement or clicks, increase the PalmCheck setting by moving the slider toward \b Maximum\b0.\par
\par
If the TouchPad misses intended motions or taps, decrease the PalmCheck setting by moving the slider toward \b Minimum\b0. You are more likely to experience missed motions or taps if the slider is in the red zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
The Momentum feature delivers smooth, fast, trackball-like mouse movement. One quick flick of the finger on the TouchPad surface can move the cursor across the entire computer screen. Momentum reduces the repetitive motion and fatigue associated with moving the cursor long distances, while providing a smooth and natural feel similar to using a trackball. Momentum is ideal for Real Time Strategy (RTS) games, First Person Shooter (FPS) games, and Role Playing Games (RPG).\par 
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Glide distance\b0\par
The Glide distance slider enables you to adjust how far the cursor travels in response to the flick of a finger on the TouchPad.  To stop the cursor, tap once or place your finger down on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
To increase the Glide distance move the slider toward \b Long\b0; to decrease it move the slider toward \b Short\b0.\par
\par
\b Enable bounce off screen edge\b0\par
Select this checkbox to keep the cursor within the boundaries of the computer screen. The bounce off screen edge feature makes it easy to access menu options and controls that are near the edges of the screen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
The EdgeMotion feature is designed to simplify long-distance pointer motions. When your finger reaches the edge of the TouchPad, the pointer will continue to move in the same direction until you lift your finger.\par
\par
The scrolling features also support EdgeMotion. To use EdgeMotion while scrolling, select the \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling \b0 checkbox under \b Scrolling\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion Region\b0\par
The EdgeMotion Region diagram on the settings window represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the EdgeMotion regions on the TouchPad surface.\par
\par
When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the EdgeMotion Region diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active EdgeMotion region on the TouchPad, the corresponding EdgeMotion area on the diagram will turn a solid color.\par
\par
You can make the EdgeMotion regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the edge of the cross-hatched area. If you have difficulty triggering EdgeMotion, make the EdgeMotion region larger by moving the edges of the cross-hatched area inward. If EdgeMotion triggers too easily, make the EdgeMotion region smaller.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Control speed with finger pressure\b0\par
When this option is selected, the EdgeMotion speed is determined by how hard you press your finger on the TouchPad. Pressing harder will increase the scrolling speed.\par
\par
\b Fixed speed\b0\par
When this option is selected, the pointer always moves at a constant, specified speed when the finger is in the EdgeMotion region.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Accessibility\b0\par
The Accessibility features enable you to specify how the pointer responds to your pointing actions, including keeping the pointer in a window, slowing the speed of movement, or restricting the direction of the pointer movement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Enable sticky borders\b0\par
This option restricts the pointer to the active window. When you try to move the pointer outside the window the first time, it stops at the edge. If you try a second time, the pointer is free to leave the window.\par
\par
Stopping the pointer at the window borders makes it easy to access controls that lie around the edges of a window. For example, to close or resize a window, you can quickly move the pointer in the general direction of the close box or the edge of the window, and the pointer will stop exactly at the edge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Enable slow motion\b0\par
When this option is enabled, you can reduce the speed of the pointer to improve pointing accuracy for fine positioning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Enable constrained motion\b0\par
This feature allows you to force purely horizontal or vertical motion of the pointer on the screen. This feature is most useful when using a drawing program.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Tapping\b0\par
When this checkbox is selected, a tap performs the actions of the left mouse button. If you clear this checkbox, the TouchPad buttons are the only way to click.\par
\par
Tapping means quickly touching and then lifting your finger off the TouchPad surface. A light, quick tap works best. Very hard or slow taps are less effective. Tap once for a single click, or twice in rapid succession for a double-click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Locking Drags\b0\par
When this feature is selected, objects can be dragged long distances across the screen using several finger strokes. When Locking Drags is selected, a drag action persists after you lift your finger from the TouchPad. Tap the TouchPad again to drop the object and end the drag.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Enable Tap Zones\b0\par
When this checkbox is selected, you can assign a specific action or shortcut to each corner of the TouchPad. By tapping in one of the tap zones, the specified action will be performed, usually saving time and clicks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Configure\b0\par
Select an action from the list box to assign it to a tap zone. Many actions do not require additional configuration. However, if more information is required, the Configure button will be enabled. Click the Configure button at any time to view or change the configuration of the action.\par
A variety of actions can be assigned to Tap Zones. Additional actions might be available if you have third-party TouchPad Plug-In software installed. If the list box options are gray and cannot be selected, ensure that \b Enable Tap Zones\b0  checkbox is selected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Buttons\b0\par
By default, the Buttons act as mouse buttons for this pointing device. If this box is not checked, the buttons are disabled and pressing them has no effect; tapping is the only way to click with your pointing device.\par
\par
You can also specify a different action to be performed when you press a button. For example, you could define the right button to "go to a web page in your default browser". Each time you click the right button on your pointing device, your web browser would automatically open and load the specified page.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Button Action\b0\par
Choose an action from the dropdown menu to assign it to the desired button. The selected action will occur every time you press that button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Using the Properties Window\b0\par
The Properties window allows you to personalize your pointing device settings. Use the menu tree to access the customizable features. Click on the arrow next to a feature or double-click on it to see the options.\par
\par
\b Enabling and Disabling Features\b0\par
Check the box to enable a feature; uncheck the box to disable it.\par
\par
\b Settings\b0\par
If the selected feature displays a settings icon that highlights when you hover the pointer over it, you can click it or double-click on the feature's name to configure its settings. If you cannot click a settings icon, ensure the features checkbox and any parent checkboxes are checked.\par
\par
\b Help\b0\par
The question mark icon and Help button can be clicked to display help information.\par
\par
\b Close Button\b0\par
The Close button on the settings window closes the window. The changes will become permanent only after clicking \b Apply\b0  or \b OK\b0  on the Properties window.\par
\par
\b Defaults Button\b0\par
The Defaults button on the Properties window restores all TouchPad settings to the factory-set values.\par
\par
The Defaults button on a settings window returns all the settings in the current window to the factory-set values. The changes will become permanent only after clicking \b Apply\b0  or \b OK\b0  on the Properties window.\par
\par
\b OK Button\b0\par
The OK button saves your changes and closes the Properties window.\par
\par
\b Cancel Button\b0\par
The Cancel button closes the Properties window without saving any changes.\par
\par
\b Apply Button\b0\par
The Apply button saves your changes, but keeps the Properties window open so you can make more changes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Scrolling speed\b0\par
The Scrolling speed slider allows you to adjust the speed of scrolling. Drag the slider to the right for faster scrolling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Pointing\b0\par
The Pointing settings pages enable you to specify how the cursor responds to your pointing and selection actions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Touch Sensitivity\b0\par
The Touch Sensitivity slider allows you to adjust how much finger pressure must be applied before the TouchPad responds.\par
\par
If your pointer is moving or clicking erratically, or you work in an area with high humidity, decrease sensitivity by moving the slider toward \b Heavy Touch\b0 .\par
\par
If you have to press too hard to operate the TouchPad or if the TouchPad does not always respond to your taps, increase sensitivity by moving the slider toward \b Light Touch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Tap Zones\b0\par
The Tap Zone diagram represents the surface of the TouchPad. The cross-hatched area on the diagram shows the active Tap Zone regions on the TouchPad surface. When you place your finger on the TouchPad, arrows appear along the edge of the TouchPad diagram to show your finger's position. If your finger is in an active Tap Zone region on the TouchPad, the corresponding Tap Zone area on the diagram becomes a solid color.\par
\par
You can make the Tap Zone regions larger or smaller by dragging one of the small black squares on the corners of the cross-hatched areas. If you have difficulty triggering a Tap Zone action, make the Tap Zone region larger. If a Tap Zone action triggers too easily, make the Tap Zone region smaller.\par
\par
If the Tap Zones are gray and cannot be adjusted, ensure that \b Enable Tap Zones\b0  checkbox is selected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select\b0\par
The Press-to-Select feature allows you to use tapping and pressing motions to perform mouse clicks.\par
\par
Tapping or pressing on the tip of the pointing stick is the same as clicking the left mouse button. However, tapping or pressing can be quicker and more convenient than using the mouse button.\par
\par
Tapping means quickly striking and then releasing your finger from the top of the pointing stick. A light, quick tap works best. Very hard or slow taps are less effective. Tap once for a single click, or twice in rapid succession for a double-click.\par
\par
Pressing means swiftly pushing down on the top of the pointing stick with your finger. A light, deliberate press works best. Press straight down to simulate clicking and holding the mouse button. Press straight down and then to the side to click-and-drag in any direction. Release the pressure when you want to release the mouse button.\par
\par
The physical buttons can also be used to click; if you clear this check box, the physical buttons are the only way to click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Press to select only\b0\par
When this option is selected, pressing on the tip of the Pointing Stick selects the object, but will not open or move it.\par
\par
\b Press to select drag\b0\par
When this option is selected, pressing on the tip of the pointing stick selects the object and keeps it selected so you can move it with the pointing stick. It is the equivalent of pressing and holding the left mouse button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select means Primary Click\b0\par
When this option is selected, pressing on the pointing stick performs the same action as a primary mouse click.\par
\par
\b Press-to-Select means Secondary Click\b0\par
When this option is selected, pressing on the pointing stick performs the same action as a secondary mouse click.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Pace\b0\par
The Pace slider adjusts how fast you must press on the pointing stick for it to be considered a Press to Select. Adjust the pace slider until your presses register easily. If presses do not occur, move it towards \b Fast\b0. If too many presses occur, move it towards \b Slow\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Touch Sensitivity\b0\par
Sensitivity settings allow you to control how much pressure you must exert on the pointing stick to move the pointer at a particular speed.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Three-Finger Flick\b0\par
The Three-Finger Flick gesture enhances navigation for a variety of applications. You can use the Three-Finger Flick to browse the Internet or to scroll through photos in a photo viewer window. You can also use the Three-Finger Flick to enter or exit slideshow mode from your photo viewer.  Check this box to enable the use of the Three-Finger Flick for navigation and slideshows.\par
\par
Watch the video to learn how to perform a Three-Finger Flick. Make sure your fingers are slightly separated when you perform this gesture.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Horizontal Three-Finger Flick\par
Slide your fingers to the right or left to page forwards or backwards in a photo viewer or an Internet browser window.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Vertical Three-Finger Flick\par
Slide your fingers upwards to launch slideshow mode. Slide your fingers downwards to exit slideshow mode.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Use the slider to adjust the speed of the EdgeMotion. To increase the speed, move the slider toward \b Fast\b0, and to decrease it, move the slider toward \b Slow\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
When Slow Motion is enabled, you can choose a key from the list box that will activate it. To use Slow Motion, press and hold the specified key while moving the pointer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
When constrained motion is enabled, you can choose a key from the list box that will activate it. To use constrained motion, press and hold the specified key while moving the pointer. The initial direction of your pointer motion determines the allowed direction of movement for as long as your finger remains on the TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Cover Gesture\b0\par
This gesture clears your desktop by minimizing all open windows. Repeating this gesture restores the windows.\par
\par
To use the Cover Gesture:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Place your four fingers flat on the TouchPad so that most of it is covered.\par
2.\tab Hold your fingers still until the windows have been minimized or restored.\par
3.\tab Lift your fingers off the TouchPad.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Smart Check Settings can help reduce unwanted touchpad behavior. See each setting for more detail.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
You can press anywhere on the ClickPad to perform a primary, secondary, or middle button click.\par 
\par
By default, pressing one finger down performs a primary click. Pressing two fingers down performs a secondary click. Pressing three fingers down performs a middle button click. Select \b Two-Finger Click \b0 and \b Three-Finger Click \b0 to configure as desired.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
To perform a one-finger click, press one finger down on the ClickPad surface until you feel it descend. A one-finger click is equivalent to clicking a primary (left) mouse button.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
By default, a one-finger click in the lower right corner of the CickPad performs the same action as a secondary (right) mouse click.\par
\par
The action performed by a one-finger corner click is configurable. To assign a different action, select an action from the list.\par
\par
Some actions require additional configuration. If more information is required, the \b Configure \b0 button will become enabled or a dialog box will appear.\par
\par
You can click the \b Configure \b0 button at any time to view or change your settings.\par
\par
If you are in Left-handed configuration, click in the lower left side of the ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
To adjust the coasting distance, use the slider. If you want to scroll farther, move the slider towards \b Max\b0 .  To scroll a shorter distance, move the slider towards \b Min\b0 . If the slider does not move, ensure that Enable Coasting is selected.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b One-Finger Scrolling\b0\par
You can scroll vertically.\par
\par
Click on the window or item you wish to scroll and slide your finger upwards or downwards along the right edge of the TouchPad to scroll vertically.\par
\par
If scrolling does not respond, ensure that the appropriate check box is selected and that the window or item on which you have clicked is scrollable. If you still have problems, check your \b Scrolling Region\b0  settings.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0406\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0509200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1108200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0222201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0518201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Hj\'e6lpeemne udefineret\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
Med vinduet \b Egenskaber\b0  kan du definere indstillingerne for dit pegeredskab. Brug menutr\'e6et til venstre for at f\'e5 adgang til tilpasningsfunktionerne.\par
\par
\b Brug af vinduet Egenskaber\b0\par
Klik p\'e5 en funktion p\'e5 menutr\'e6et for at f\'e5 vist en side med indstillinger for funktionen. Visse funktioner har flere sider med indstillinger. Klik p\'e5 \b +\b0  (plus-tegnet) ved siden af en funktion for at f\'e5 vist alle tilknyttede sider. Indstillingerne vises i vinduet til h\'f8jre for menutr\'e6et. Oplysninger om disse indstillinger og vejledning i, hvordan du kan \'e6ndre dem, vises her i informationsfeltet. Du kan bruge bladringsfeltet til at f\'e5 vist indholdet i informationsfeltet.\par
\par
\b Knappen Standarder\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Standarder\b0  for at inds\'e6tte standardindstillingerne p\'e5 den aktuelle side.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b OK\b0  for at gemme dine \'e6ndringer og lukke vinduet Egenskaber.\par
\par
\b Knappen Annuller\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Annuller\b0  for at lukke vinduet Egenskaber uden at gemme \'e6ndringer. De tidligere indstillinger tr\'e6der i kraft.\par
\par
\b Knappen Udf\'f8r\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Udf\'f8r\b0  for at gemme dine \'e6ndringer. Vinduet Egenskaber forbliver \'e5bent, s\'e5 du kan foretage flere \'e6ndringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
Afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver knapper\b0  aktiverer museknapperne for dette pegeredskab. Handlingen, som udf\'f8res, n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en knap, konfigureres ved at v\'e6lge navnet p\'e5 knappen p\'e5 menutr\'e6et. Du kan f.eks. definere h\'f8jre knap til at "g\'e5 til en webside i standardbrowseren". Hver gang du klikker med h\'f8jre knap p\'e5 pegeredskabet, vil webbrowseren s\'e5 \'e5bne og indl\'e6se den angivne side automatisk.\par
\par
N\'e5r \b Aktiver knapper\b0  ikke er valgt, deaktiveres knapperne, og der udf\'f8res ingen handling, n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 dem. Den eneste m\'e5de, du kan klikke med pegeredskabet, er med slag.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Rul element under mark\'f8r\b0\par
Funktionen 'Rul element under mark\'f8r' fors\'f8ger altid at rulle det vindue i det aktive program, der aktuelt er under mark\'f8ren. Hvis mark\'f8ren ikke er over det aktive program, er der slet ingen ting der ruller.\par
For eksempel, n\'e5r Windows Explorer er aktivt: hvis mark\'f8ren er over venstre rude, s\'e5 ruller den oversigten over mappestrukturen - hvis den er over h\'f8jre rude, s\'e5 ruller den rullelisten. Hvis du klikker p\'e5 et andet program, s\'e5 vil Windows Explorer ikke rulle, selvom mark\'f8ren st\'e5r lige over et af dets vinduer.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling fra listen ovenfor for at tildele den til den valgte knap. Den valgte handling vil forekomme, hver gang du trykker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke er i stand til at v\'e6lge en handling fra listen, skal du kontrollere, at knapperne er aktiveret. Knapperne aktiveres ved at udf\'f8re f\'f8lgende trin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b Knapper\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver knapper\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg knappen p\'e5 menutr\'e6et \b Knapper\b0  for at vende tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Denne knap \'e5bner en konfigurationsdialogboks i forbindelse med handlingen valgt p\'e5 listen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Tryk-og-v\'e6lg\b0  kan du bruge slag- og trykbev\'e6gelser til at foretage museklik.\par
\par
Slag eller tryk p\'e5 spidsen af pegeredskabet er det samme som at klikke med venstre museknap. Slag eller tryk kan dog v\'e6re hurtigere og mere komfortable end brug af museknappen.\par
\par
"Sl\'e5" betyder en hurtig ber\'f8ring og et slip med fingeren fra TouchPad. Et let, hurtigt slag virker bedst. Meget h\'e5rde eller langsomme slag er knapt s\'e5 effektive. Sl\'e5 \'e9n gang for et enkelt klik eller to gange (hurtigt efter hinanden) for et dobbeltklik.\par
\par
"Tryk" betyder et raskt tryk nedad p\'e5 toppen af TouchPad med fingeren. Et let og roligt tryk virker bedst. Tryk lige ned for at simulere et klik og hold med museknappen. Tryk lige ned og derefter til siden for at klikke og tr\'e6kke i en bestemt retning. Slip trykket, n\'e5r du vil slippe museknappen.\par
\par
V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Tryk-og-v\'e6lg\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion.\par
\par
Der kan ogs\'e5 klikkes med de knapperne. Hvis du rydder dette afkrydningsfelt, er det kun muligt at klikke med knapperne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Dette menutr\'e6 viser indstillingerne for pegeredskabet. Du kan konfigurere en indstilling ved at klikke p\'e5 indgangen for den tilsvarende indstilling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Med indstillingssiderne for \b Mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse\b0  kan du definere, hvordan musens mark\'f8r bev\'e6ger sig p\'e5 sk\'e6rmbilledet, n\'e5r den reagerer p\'e5 dine pegehandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Tvunget bev\'e6gelse\b0  kan du tvinge \'e6gte vandrette eller lodrette bev\'e6gelser med mark\'f8ren p\'e5 sk\'e6rmbilledet. Denne funktion er is\'e6r nyttig i forbindelse med tegneprogrammer. Tvunget bev\'e6gelse aktiveres ved at trykke p\'e5 og holde en bestemt tast nede, mens mark\'f8ren bev\'e6ges. N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten, bestemmer retningen p\'e5 den f\'f8rste mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse den tilladte bev\'e6gelsesretning, s\'e5 l\'e6nge du beholder fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
S\'e5dan aktiveres funktionen Tvunget bev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver tvunget bev\'e6gelse\b0  for at aktivere indstillingerne p\'e5 listen.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en tast p\'e5 listen for at aktivere Tvunget bev\'e6gelse.\par
3.\tab Tryk p\'e5 og hold den valgte tast nede, n\'e5r du \'f8nsker at tvinge mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelsen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Tryk-og-v\'e6lg betyder venstreklik\b0\par
Denne indstilling giver et venstre museklik, n\'e5r du sl\'e5r eller trykker p\'e5 pegepinden. Et h\'f8jre museklik bruges normalt til at vise en pop op-menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Tilstanden Tvunget bev\'e6gelse kan aktiveres med disse taster. V\'e6lg en tast ved at klikke p\'e5 indgangen p\'e5 listen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
Funktionen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 er designet til at g\'f8re lange mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser enklere. N\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad, flytter mark\'f8ren fortsat i samme retning, indtil du l\'f8fter fingeren.\par
V\'e6lg en af indstillingerne for EdgeMotion (kantbev\'e6gelse).\par
Funktionen Virtuel rulning underst\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion. Hvis du vil kontrollere EdgeMotion, mens du bladrer, skal du v\'e6lge \b Lang rulning\b0  under \b Virtuel rulning\b0  i menutr\'e6et.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Udf\'f8r kun EdgeMotion, n\'e5r der tr\'e6kkes\b0\par
N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, udf\'f8res EdgeMotion kun under sl\'e5-og-tr\'e6k. EdgeMotion udf\'f8res ikke ved normale mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser. Denne funktion virker kun, n\'e5r du har valgt indstillingen Aktiver slag.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion, n\'e5r der tr\'e6kkes eller peges\b0\par
N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, udf\'f8res EdgeMotion, n\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Ingen EdgeMotion \b0\par
Hvis du vil flytte mark\'f8ren et langt stykke uden EdgeMotion, skal du foretage gentagne fingerstr\'f8g p\'e5 TouchPad eller \'f8ge mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelseshastighed p\'e5 musens kontrolpanel.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
N\'e5r du v\'e6lger afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzoner\b0 , kan du konfigurere hvert af de fire hj\'f8rner p\'e5 TouchPad overfladen til at fungere som forskellige knapper, n\'e5r der anvendes slag p\'e5 dem. Disse hj\'f8rneomr\'e5der kaldes for \b Slagzoner\b0 .\par
\par
Slag i midten af TouchPad udf\'f8rer altid et venstreklik.\par
\par
Hvis du rydder afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzoner\b0 , vil et slag p\'e5 TouchPad udf\'f8re et venstreklik.\par
\par
Du kan angive slagzoner for mange forskellige handlinger.\par
\par
S\'e5dan aktiveres slagzoner:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'f8rg for at \b Aktiver slag\b0  er valgt p\'e5 siden \b Slag\b0 .\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzoner\b0  ovenfor.\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg navnet p\'e5 en slagzone p\'e5 menutr\'e6et for at tildele en handling til den zone.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling for slag i zonen nederst til venstre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger\b  Midterklik\b0 , vil et slag i nederste, venstre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad udf\'f8re samme handling som et midterklik. V\'e6lg \b Ingen zone\b0  for at aktivere denne \b slagzone\b0  (slag i zonen vil s\'e5 virke som et venstreklik p\'e5 samme m\'e5de som p\'e5 resten af TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling for slag i zonen i \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Midterklik\b0 , vil et slag i det \'f8verste,venstre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad udf\'f8re samme handling som et midterklik. V\'e6lg \b Ingen zone\b0  for at deaktivere denne \b slagzone\b0  (slag i zonen vil s\'e5 virke som et venstreklik p\'e5 samme m\'e5de som p\'e5 resten af TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling for slag i zonen i \'f8verste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b H\'f8jreklik\b0 , vil et slag i \'f8verste, h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad udf\'f8re samme handling som et tryk p\'e5 h\'f8jre knap p\'e5 musen eller TouchPad. V\'e6lg \b Ingen zone\b0  for at deaktivere denne \b slagzone\b0  (slag i zonen vil s\'e5 virke som et venstreklik p\'e5 samme m\'e5de som p\'e5 resten af TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling for slag i zonen i nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b H\'f8jreklik\b0 , vil et slag i nederste, h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad udf\'f8re samme handling som et tryk p\'e5 h\'f8jre knap p\'e5 musen eller TouchPad. V\'e6lg \b Ingen zone\b0  for at deaktivere denne \b slagzone\b0  (slag i zonen vil s\'e5 virke som et venstreklik p\'e5 samme m\'e5de som p\'e5 resten af TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Tryk p\'e5 denne knap for at f\'e5 vist dialogboksen Egenskaber for den valgte handling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor viser overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad. Det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser de aktive slagzoneomr\'e5der p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r du anbringer din finger p\'e5 TouchPad, vises der pile langs kanten af TouchPad diagrammet for at vise fingerens position. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt slagzoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, \'e6ndres det tilsvarende slagzoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet til en massiv farve. Du kan g\'f8re slagzoneomr\'e5derne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter p\'e5 hj\'f8rnerne i de krydsskraverede omr\'e5der.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere en slagzonehandling, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re slagzoneomr\'e5det st\'f8rre. Hvis en slagzonehandling aktiveres for nemt, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re slag zoneomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis slagzoner er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, skal du s\'f8rge for, at \b Slag\b0  og \b Slagzoner\b0  er valgt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
Med denne sektion kan du brugerdefinere knapperne p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Standardindstillinger\b0\par
S\'e6tter alle indstillinger p\'e5 denne side tilbage til standardv\'e6rdierne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
Hastighed for EdgeMotion kan konfigureres til at v\'e6re trykf\'f8lsom eller konstant.\par
\par
\b Kontroller hastighed med fingertryk\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling, hvis hastigheden for EdgeMotion skal \'f8ges, n\'e5r du trykker h\'e5rdere med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad overfladen.\par
\par
\b Konstant hastighed\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling for at angive, at hastigheden for EdgeMotion hele tiden er den samme.\par
\par
\b Justering af hastigheden for EdgeMotion\b0\par
Denne skyder styrer hastigheden for EdgeMotion, n\'e5r du har valgt indstillingen \b Konstant hastighed\b0 . Du kan v\'e6lge hastigheden for EdgeMotion ved at justere skyderen mellem \b Langsomt\b0  og \b Hurtigt\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis valgmulighederne p\'e5 denne side er gr\'e5tonede og ikke kan justeres, skal du kontrollere, at EdgeMotion er aktiveret. Du aktiverer EdgeMotion ved at udf\'f8re f\'f8lgende trin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b EdgeMotion\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en af indstillingerne for \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Hastighed for\b0  \b EdgeMotion\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et for at vende tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
N\'e5r dette afkrydsningsfelt er valgt, angives hastigheden for EdgeMotion med hvor h\'e5rdt, du trykker med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r dette afkrydsningsfelt ikke er valgt, bev\'e6ger mark\'f8ren sig ved hastigheden angivet p\'e5 skyderen, n\'e5r fingeren er i EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
V\'e6lg dette afkrydsningsfelt for en konstant hastighed for EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Slag p\'e5 overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad svarer til at klikke med venstre TouchPad-museknap. Slag er dog normalt hurtigere og mere komfortable end brug af museknappen.\par
\par
"Sl\'e5" betyder en hurtig ber\'f8ring og et slip med fingeren fra TouchPad. Et let, hurtigt slag virker bedst. Meget h\'e5rde eller langsomme slag er knapt s\'e5 effektive. Sl\'e5 \'e9n gang for et enkelt klik eller to gange (hurtigt efter hinanden) for et dobbeltklik.\par
\par
V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slag\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion. Knapperne p\'e5 TouchPad kan ogs\'e5 bruges til at klikke. Hvis du rydder dette afkrydsningsfelt, kan der kun klikkes med TouchPad knapperne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Selvstudium i virtuel rulning\b0\par
Denne labyrint vil hj\'e6lpe dig med at l\'e6re at bruge funktionen Virtuel rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
N\'e5r afkrydsningsfeltet \b Sl\'e5 for klik\b0  ikke er valgt, skal du trykke p\'e5 TouchPad knapperne for at klikke.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 igen og hold for tr\'e6k\b0\par
V\'e6lg dette afkrydsningsfelt for at tr\'e6kke objekter og valg ved hj\'e6lp af slag p\'e5 TouchPad. Tr\'e6k ved at sl\'e5 to gange p\'e5 objektet og holde fingeren nede p\'e5 TouchPad med det andet slag. Flyt det valgte objekt ved at lade fingeren glide over TouchPad overfladen og l\'f8fte fingeren for at slippe objektet. Denne handling svarer til, at du trykker p\'e5 en museknap, flytter musen og slipper museknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b L\'e5setr\'e6k \b0\par
Med funktionen \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0  kan du tr\'e6kke objekter p\'e5 tv\'e6rs af sk\'e6rmbilledet ved brug af flere fingerstr\'f8g. N\'e5r \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0  er valgt, er en tr\'e6khandling forsat aktiv, efter at du l\'f8fter fingeren fra TouchPad. Sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad igen, eller klik p\'e5 en knap for at slippe objektet og afslutte tr\'e6kket. Funktionerne \b Slag\b0  og \b Sl\'e5 igen, og hold for at tr\'e6kke\b0  skal v\'e6re valgt, for at du kan bruge \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
Funktionen \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 forhindrer brug af TouchPad ved tilf\'e6ldig ber\'f8ring. PalmCheck g\'f8r det muligt for TouchPad at vide, hvorn\'e5r h\'e5ndfladen hviler p\'e5 den eller tilf\'e6ldigt ber\'f8rer den, n\'e5r du taster. Dette vil hj\'e6lpe med at forhindre u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad aktiverer u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik, kan du \'f8ge indstillingen for PalmCheck ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Maksimum\b0 . Hvis TouchPad ikke registrerer tilsigtede bev\'e6gelser eller slag, kan du mindske indstillingen for PalmCheck ved at flytte skyderen til venstre mod \b Minimum\b0 . Det er mere sandsynligt, at bev\'e6gelser eller slag ikke registreres, hvis skyderen er i den r\'f8de zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du justere, hvor meget fingertryk der skal anvendes, f\'f8r TouchPad reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelser eller klik er uregelm\'e6ssige, eller hvis du arbejder i et omr\'e5de med h\'f8j fugtighed, kan du mindske f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b H\'e5rd ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du skal trykke for h\'e5rdt for at betjene Touchpad, eller hvis TouchPad ikke altid reagerer p\'e5 dine slag, kan du \'f8ge f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til venstre mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Rul valgt element \b0\par
Funktionen 'Rul valgt element' pr\'f8ver altid at rulle det specifikke vindue i det aktive program, der har tastaturfokus. Der rulles der i det vindue, der har tastaturfokus, selv om mark\'f8ren slet ikke er over det aktive program.\par
For eksempel i Windows Explorer: n\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 venstre rude og ruller, s\'e5 ruller oversigten over mappestrukturen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver EdgeMotion, n\'e5r der rulles\b0 , hvis du \'f8nsker fortsat at blade, n\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Tryk-og-v\'e6lg betyder h\'f8jreklik \b0\par
Denne indstilling udf\'f8rer et h\'f8jre museklik, n\'e5r du sl\'e5r eller trykker p\'e5 pegepinden. Et h\'f8jre museklik bruges normalt til at vise en pop op-menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Frilb\b0  g\'f8r det nemmere at blade gennem lange dokumenter. Med Frilb forts\'e6tter Virtuel rulning, efter du har l\'f8ftet fingeren af TouchPad. Brug Frilb ved at flytte og l\'f8fte fingeren i en j\'e6vn bev\'e6gelse. Stop Frilb ved at placere fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Aktiver vandret rulning \b0\par
V\'e6lg dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere vandret Virtuel rulning p\'e5 vinduer med vandrette bladringsfelter. N\'e5r du lader fingeren glide frem og tilbage langs den nederste kant p\'e5 TouchPad, bladrer du vandret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lodret rulning \b0\par
V\'e6lg dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere lodret Virtuel rulning. N\'e5r du lader fingeren glide op og ned langs h\'f8jre kant p\'e5 TouchPad, bladrer du lodret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor viser overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad. Det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet viser omr\'e5derne for Virtuel rulning p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r du placerer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, angiver pilene langs kanten af TouchPad-diagrammet fingerens position, Hvis fingeren er i et aktivet omr\'e5de for Virtuel rulning p\'e5 TouchPad, \'e6ndres det tilsvarende omr\'e5de for Virtuel rulning p\'e5 diagrammet til en massiv farve. Du kan g\'f8re omr\'e5derne for Virtuel rulning st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter p\'e5 kanten af det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere Virtuel rulning, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re omr\'e5det for Virtuel rulning st\'f8rre ved at flytte kanterne p\'e5 det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de indad. Hvis Virtuel rulning aktiveres for nemt, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re omr\'e5det for Virtuel rulning mindre.\par
\par
Hvis omr\'e5derne for Virtuel rulning er gr\'e5tonede og ikke kan justeres, skal du s\'f8rge for, at Virtuel rulning er aktiveret. Virtuel rulning aktiveres ved at foretage f\'f8lgende trin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b Virtuel rulning\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg de \'f8nskede afkrydsningsfelter for \b Aktiver rulning\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Rulleomr\'e5de\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et for at vende tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Knappen \'d8velse\b0\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b\'d8velse\b0  for at k\'f8re selvstudiet \b Virtuel rulning\b0 . Denne labyrint vil hj\'e6lpe dig med at l\'e6re at bruge Virtuel rulning.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk: S\'f8rg for at afkrydsningsfelterne \b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0  og \b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0  er valgt.\par
\par
Unders\'f8g labyrinten, inden du begynder at lede efter begyndelses- og slutpunkterne. Du kan ikke se hele labyrinten, da den er st\'f8rre end vinduet. Brug Virtuel rulning til at flytte visningen af labyrinten i vinduet. Hold tasten Ctrl nede og brug Virtuel rulning til at g\'f8re labyrinten st\'f8rre eller mindre.\par
\par
En gul prik i det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne af labyrinten viser indgangen til labyrinten. En bl\'e5 prik p\'e5 h\'f8jre side af labyrinten viser udgangen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan kommer du i gang:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik p\'e5 den r\'f8de firkant i den gule prik for at begynde.\par
2.\tab Brug piletasterne eller sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad for at navigere gennem labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Brug Virtuel rulning til at flytte visningen af labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Luk \'f8velsesvinduet for Virtuel rulning, n\'e5r du n\'e5r den bl\'e5 prik i den modsatte side af labyrinten.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Du kan styre hastigheden for \b Virtuel rulning\b0  med denne skyder. Tr\'e6k skyderen mod h\'f8jre for hurtigere bladning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Her kan du definere mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelser. V\'e6lg hj\'e6lp om bestemte omr\'e5der for at f\'e5 flere oplysninger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b V\'e6lg for sl\'e5 og tr\'e6k\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling, hvis du \'f8nsker, at tryk skal foretage et valg og tr\'e6k, og slag blot skal foretage et valg.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Langsom bev\'e6gelse\b0  kan du neds\'e6tte mark\'f8rhastigheden for at forbedre pegefunktionens n\'f8jagtighed for fin pegning. Langsom bev\'e6gelse aktiveres ved at trykke p\'e5 og holde en bestemt tast nede, mens mark\'f8ren bev\'e6ges.\par
\par
S\'e5dan aktiveres funktionen Langsom bev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver langsom bev\'e6gelse\b0  for at aktivere indstillingerne p\'e5 listen.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en tast p\'e5 listen for at aktivere Langsom bev\'e6gelse.\par
3.\tab Tryk p\'e5 og hold den valgte tast nede, n\'e5r du vil bruge Langsom bev\'e6gelse.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Denne funktion flytter automatisk mark\'f8ren til knappen Standard, n\'e5r en dialogboks vises p\'e5 sk\'e6rmbilledet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Du vil m\'e5ske en gang imellem begr\'e6nse mark\'f8ren til kun at flytte vandret eller lodret. Du kan angive en tvunget mark\'f8rtast og derefter trykke p\'e5 og holde denne tast nede, n\'e5r du bev\'e6ger mark\'f8ren. Den retning, du f\'f8rst flytter mark\'f8ren i, n\'e5r du holder denne tast nede, bestemmer om mark\'f8ren er tvunget til at flytte kun vandret eller kun lodret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
Valg af indstillingen \b Hurtig\b0  for opdateringshastigheden for mark\'f8ren giver normalt meget j\'e6vne mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser. Hvis mark\'f8ren forekommer ustabil eller flimrer p\'e5 sk\'e6rmbilledet, kan du dog pr\'f8ve at v\'e6lge \b Langsom\b0  for opdateringshastigheden for mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
P\'e5 siderne med egenskaber for Synaptics TouchPad kan du konfigurere din TouchPad. Disse sider findes p\'e5 kontrolpanelet med musegenskaber.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Klik her for at starte din internetbrowser og g\'e5 direkte til denne link.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panorering betyder kontinuerlig bladning. Du kan panorere vandret, lodret eller diagonalt i begge retninger.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk at panorering kun virker i programmer, som underst\'f8tter Microsoft Intellimouse, og at mange af disse programmer begr\'e6nser de retninger, som du kan panorere i (f.eks.: i Microsoft Word kan du kun panorere lodret, i Microsoft Excel kan du panorere lodret og vandret, men ikke diagonalt).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zooming betyder at \'e6ndre forst\'f8rrelsen af dit dokument. Zoom ind for at \'f8ge forst\'f8rrelsen, og zoom ud for at mindske forst\'f8rrelsen.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk at det kun er muligt at zoome i programmer, som underst\'f8tter Microsoft Intellimouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Denne handling flytter automatisk mark\'f8ren til knappen Start p\'e5 bladringsfeltet, og \'e5bner menuen Start.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Spring til menuen for det aktuelle vindue\b0\par
Denne handling flytter automatisk mark\'f8ren til indgangen l\'e6ngst til venstre p\'e5 det aktuelle vindues menu (normalt menuen Filer) og \'e5bner den.\par
Denne funktion virker muligvis ikke i visse vinduer, som ikke har standardmenuer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Denne handling aktiverer det aktuelle vindue.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Denne handling maksimerer det aktuelle vindue, s\'e5 det d\'e6kker hele sk\'e6rmbilledet. Hvis det aktuelle vindue allerede er maksimeret, bringer denne handling vinduet tibage til dets originale st\'f8rrelse og position.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Denne handling bringer et minimeret eller maksimeret vindue tilbage til dets originale st\'f8rrelse og position.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Denne handling k\'f8rer automatisk et program, som du angiver. Efter valg af denne handling kan du v\'e6lge programmet, som skal k\'f8res, ved at klikke p\'e5 knappen Egenskaber ved siden af kombinationsfeltet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Med denne handling kan du bruge hele TouchPad-overfladen til at styre Virtuel rulning\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . Normal betjening af TouchPad genoptages ved ganske enkelt at foretage den tilknyttede handling endnu en gang.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Hvis det aktive program er en webbrowser, g\'e5r denne handling til den forrige side i browserens historiebuffer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Hvis det aktive program er en webbrowser, g\'e5r denne handling til den n\'e6ste side i browserens historiebuffer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Denne handling starter standardwebbrowseren og g\'e5r til en webside. Efter valg af denne handling, kan du v\'e6lge at bes\'f8ge en webside ved at klikke p\'e5 knappen Egenskaber ved siden af kombinationsfeltet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Hvis det aktive program er en webbrowser, genindl\'e6ser denne handling den aktuelle webside.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Hvis det aktive program er en webbrowser, afbryder denne handling browseren indl\'e6sningen af den aktuelle webside.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Hvis du anbringer to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen og flytter dem i en bestemt retning, kaldes det en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre. TouchPad kan registrere s\'e5danne bev\'e6gelser ved hver af de otte kompaspunkter. Med denne side kan du definere det, som TouchPad skal udf\'f8re, n\'e5r en \b Handling\b0  registreres.\par
\par
Du aktiverer en \b Handling\b0  ved at afkrydse feltet \b Aktiver\b0 . V\'e6lg derefter en handling p\'e5 pop-op-listen for hver retning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det \'f8verste venstre omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det \'f8verste omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det \'f8verste, venstre omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det venstre omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det nederste, h\'f8jre omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det nederste omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det nederste, venstre omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
V\'e6lg den handling, der skal foretages med en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre, i det venstre omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du f.eks. v\'e6lger \b Tryk p\'e5 tasten PgUp\b0 , udf\'f8res den samme handling, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten PgUp p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Indspilning og afspilning af en tastaturmakro\b0\par
\par
Denne handling afspiller en forindspillet sekvens af tastaturslag. Efter valg af denne handling kan du indspille sekvensen af tastaturslag, som skal afspilles.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Dialogboksen Indspilning af tastaturmakro\b0\par
Med denne dialogboks kan du indspille en sekvens af tastaturslag til efterf\'f8lgende afspilning. En s\'e5dan indspilning af en sekvens med tastaturslag kaldes ofte for en \i tastaturmakro.\i0\par
\par
Tryk p\'e5 knappen \b Start\b0  for at starte indspilningen af en makro. Knappen \b Stop\b0  aktiveres derefter, og knappen \b Start\b0  deaktives for at angive, at indspilning er i gang. Da alle tastaturslag opfanges under indspilning, kan du kun afslutte indspilningstilstanden p\'e5 ved at trykke p\'e5 knappen Stop med musen.\par
\par
N\'e5r der ikke indspilles, kan du bruge knappen \b Ryd\b0  til at t\'f8mme bufferen med de indspillede tastaturslag. Under indspilning virker denne knap som tasten backspace (tilbagerykning). N\'e5r du v\'e6lger knappen \b Tilbage,\b0  fjernes den sidste indgang fra bufferen med indspillede tastaturslag. Bem\'e6rk at du skal v\'e6lge knappen \b Tilbage\b0  med musen under indspilning.\par
\par
Efterh\'e5nden som tastaturslag indspilles, vises de ogs\'e5 i tekstvinduet i indspilningsdialogboksen. Alfanumeriske og tegntaster vises i vinduet p\'e5 n\'f8jagtig samme m\'e5de, som de vil se ud i et skrevet dokument. Taster, der ikke kan udskrives, vises i tekstvinduet som mnemotekniske tegn i klammer.\par
\par
De flester taster inds\'e6ttes kun i vinduet, efterh\'e5nden som der trykkes p\'e5 dem, for at g\'f8re det nemmere at l\'e6se tekstvinduet. Tilstandstasterne (s\'e5som \b Shift\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  og \b Alt\b0 ) inds\'e6ttes dog i tekstvinduet, b\'e5de n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 dem, og n\'e5r du slipper dem. Dette g\'f8r det muligt at finde \'e6ndringer i tastaturtilstanden ved at \ldblquote l\'e6se\rdblquote  tekstvinduet.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk at du ikke kan redigere i tekstvinduet. Det er f.eks. ikke muligt at inds\'e6tte en tast midt i en tidligere indspillet sekvens. Det g\'f8res ved f\'f8rst at rydde den indspillede buffer og genindspille den \'f8nskede tastaturslagssekvens.\par
\par
N\'e5r en indspilning er f\'e6rdig, kan du v\'e6lge knappen \b OK\b0  for at gemme den eller knappen \b Annuller\b0  for at kassere den. V\'e6lg en af disse knapper for at lukke dialogboksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling for denne TouchPad-knap. Du kan definere knappen for at udf\'f8re en af handlingerne p\'e5 bladringslisten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Justerer den tid, der kan g\'e5 mellem klik, inden du dobbeltklikker p\'e5 den prim\'e6re museknap. Hvis du er en erfaren musebruger, kan det v\'e6re nemmere at foretage dobbeltklik, hvis du tr\'e6kker skyderen mod langsom. Du kan afpr\'f8ve hastigheden for dobbeltklik ved at dobbeltklikke p\'e5 billedet i omr\'e5det Test.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Giver dig et sted, hvor du kan afpr\'f8ve hastigheden for dobbeltklik med musen. Hvis trolden i \'e6sken springer frem eller forsvinder, er dit dobbeltklik registreret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Justerer hastigheden, som mark\'f8ren bev\'e6ger sig p\'e5 sk\'e6rmbilledet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Angiver, hvor hurtigt musemark\'f8ren n\'e5r til den maksimale hastighed. Acceleration f\'e5r musemark\'f8ren til at bev\'e6ge sig hurtigere, n\'e5r du flytter musen hurtigt. Ingen acceleration f\'e5r musemark\'f8ren til at bev\'e6ge sig med samme hastighed som musen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
F\'f8jer et spor til musemark\'f8ren, hvilket g\'f8r den nemmere at se p\'e5 LCD-sk\'e6rme. Tr\'e6k skyderen for at \'e6ndre l\'e6ngden p\'e5 mark\'f8rsporet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Afkryds dette felt for at aktivere funktionerne for Universel rulning. Klik p\'e5 indstillingsknappen for at konfigurere bladringsfunktionerne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 denne knap for at konfigurere bladringsfunktionerne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 denne knap for at konfigurere handlingsfunktionen med to fingre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 denne knap for at konfigurere handlingsfunktionen med tre fingre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 denne knap for at konfigurere slagzonefunktionerne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 denne knap for konfigurere funktionerne for EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
N\'e5r \b Deaktiver enhed\b0  er valgt, vil det aktuelle pegeredskab ikke l\'e6ngere udf\'f8re mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser, bladring og andre funktioner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Hvis du anbringer to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen og flytter dem i en bestemt retning, kaldes det en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre. Din TouchPad kan registrere s\'e5danne bev\'e6gelser ved hvert af de otte kompaspunkter.\par
\par
\b Handlings\b0 behandling med to fingre aktiveres ved at afkrydse feltet \b Aktiver gestus med to fingre.\b0  Klik derefter p\'e5 fingerindstillingsknappen for at definere den handling, som TouchPad foretager, n\'e5r en \b Handling\b0  med to fingre registreres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Hvis du anbringer tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen og flytter dem i en bestemt retning, kaldes det for en \b Handling\b0  med tre fingre. Din TouchPad kan registrere s\'e5danne bev\'e6gelser ved hvert af de to kompaspunkter.\par
\par
\b Handlings\b0 behandling med tre fingre aktiveres ved at afkrydse feltet \b Aktiver gestus med tre fingre.\b0  Klik derefter p\'e5 fingerindstillingsknappen for at definere den handling, som TouchPad foretager, n\'e5r en \b Handling\b0  med tre fingre registreres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Hvis du anbringer to eller tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen og flytter dem i en bestemt retning, kaldes det en \b Fingerhandling.\b0  Din TouchPad kan registrere s\'e5danne bev\'e6gelser ved hvert af de otte kompaspunkter.\par
\par
Du kan aktivere en hvilken som helst kombination af handling med to eller tre fingre. Handlingsbehandling aktiveres ved at afkrydse feltet \b Aktiver\b0 . Klik derefter p\'e5 indstillingsknappen for at definere den handling, som TouchPad foretager, n\'e5r en handling med tre fingre registreres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Dette er et mindre kort over TouchPad med slagzonerne angivet med det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de. Slagzoner kan g\'f8res st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke de sorte st\'f8rrelsestilpasningsh\'e5ndtag. Pile p\'e5 hver side af kortet viser din fingerposition p\'e5 det aktuelle TouchPad. Hvis din finger er i et aktivt slagzoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 din TouchPad, \'e6ndres det tilsvarende slagzoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 kortet til en massiv farve.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Kun tryk-og-v\'e6lg\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling, hvis du \'f8nsker, at slag eller tryk p\'e5 pinden skal foretage et valg uden at tr\'e6kke. Det er det samme som et enkelt museklik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Det er en liste med alle de taster, som kan aktivere langsom bev\'e6gelsestilstand. V\'e6lg den tast, du vil bruge, ved at klikke p\'e5 den aktuelle indgang p\'e5 listen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b Juster hastigheden for EdgeMotion\b0\par
Denne skyder styrer hastigheden for EdgeMotion, n\'e5r indstillingen \b Konstant hastighed\b0  er valgt. Du kan v\'e6lge hastigheden for EdgeMotion ved at justere skyderen mellem \b Langsomt\b0  og \b Hurtigt\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen for at tildele den til denne knap. Mange handlinger kr\'e6ver ikke ekstra konfiguration. Hvis du skal angive flere oplysninger, vil knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  v\'e6re aktiveret, eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at f\'e5 vist eller \'e6ndre konfigurationen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen for at tildele den til denne slagzone. Mange handlinger kr\'e6ver ikke ekstra konfiguration. Hvis du skal angive flere oplysninger, vil knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  v\'e6re aktiveret, eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at f\'e5 vist eller \'e6ndre konfigurationen.\par
\par
Flere handlinger kan tildeles til Slagzoner. Der kan v\'e6re flere handlinger tilg\'e6ngelige, hvis du har tredjeparts Plug-In software installeret for TouchPad.\par
\par
\ul\b Slagzonehandlinger\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Spring til knappen Start\b0\par
Denne handling f\'e5r mark\'f8ren til at springe til knappen \b Start\b0  p\'e5 Windows-proceslinjen og \'e5bner automatisk \b Menuen Start\b0 .\par
\par
\b Minim\'e9r det aktuelle vindue\b0\par
Denne handling minimerer det aktuelle programvindue. Hvis det aktuelle programvindue allerede er minimeret, bringer denne handling vinduet tibage til dets originale st\'f8rrelse og position.\par
\par
\b Maksim\'e9r det aktuelle vindue\b0\par
Denne handling maksimerer det aktuelle programvindue (udvider det, s\'e5 det d\'e6kker hele sk\'e6rmbilledet). Hvis det aktuelle programvindue allerede er maksimeret, bringer denne handling vinduet tibage til dets originale st\'f8rrelse og position.\par
\par
\b K\'f8r et program efter eget valg\b0\par
Med denne handling kan du angive navnet p\'e5 et program, som du \'f8nsker at udf\'f8re automatisk, n\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 knappen eller sl\'e5r i slagzonen.\par
\par
Hvis indstillingerne p\'e5 listen er gr\'e5tonede og ikke kan v\'e6lges, skal du kontrollere, at \b Slag\b0  og \b Slagzoner\b0  er aktiveret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Patentbem\'e6rkninger\par
Rullevalg\par
Systemindstillinger\par
Enhedsindstillinger\par
til\par
Faste rammer\par
Aktiver Faste rammer\par
Aktiver kun EdgeMotion,n\'e5r der tr\'e6kkes\par
Aktiver EdgeMotion, n\'e5r der tr\'e6kkes eller &peges\par
Ingen EdgeMotion\par
Virtuel rulning\par
Konstant hastighed\par
Tryk-og-v\'e6lg kun\par
Aktiver tr\'e6k\par
Tryk for handling\par
Tryk-og-v\'e6lg betyder venstreklik\par
V\'e6lg et element\par
Knapper\par
Aktiver knapper\par
Sl\'e5 og tr\'e6k\par
Lang rulning\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
Funktionerne for \b Sl\'e5 og tr\'e6k\b0  kopierer museknappernes funktion.\par
\par
\b Sl\'e5 igen og hold for at tr\'e6kke\b0\par
V\'e6lg dette afkrydsningsfelt for at tr\'e6kke objekter uden at trykke p\'e5 knappen p\'e5 musen eller TouchPad. Tr\'e6k ved at sl\'e5 to gange p\'e5 objektet og holde fingeren nede p\'e5 TouchPad med det andet slag. Flyt det valgte objekt ved at lade fingeren glide over TouchPad-overfladen og l\'f8fte fingeren for at slippe objektet.\par
\par
\b L\'e5setr\'e6k \b0\par
Med funktionen \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0  kan du tr\'e6kke objekter p\'e5 tv\'e6rs af sk\'e6rmbilledet ved brug af flere fingerstr\'f8g. N\'e5r \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0  er valgt, er en tr\'e6khandling forsat aktiv, efter du l\'f8fter fingeren fra TouchPad. Sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad igen for at slippe objektet og afslutte tr\'e6kket. Funktionen \b Sl\'e5 igen og hold for at tr\'e6kke\b0  skal v\'e6re valgt, for at du kan bruge \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Virtuel rulning\b0  kan du blade med et enkelt str\'f8g med fingeren. Virtuel rulning betjener automatisk bladringsfelterne, s\'e5 det ikke er n\'f8dvendigt at flytte mark\'f8ren v\'e6k fra dit arbejde. Virtuel rulning fungerer med de fleste vinduer, som du kan blade i, f.eks tekstbehandlingsdokumenter, regneark og store digitale billeder. Det fungerer ogs\'e5 med andre elementer, som du kan blade i, f.eks. lister med filer eller skrifttyper. Virtuel rulning er den nemmeste og j\'e6vneste m\'e5de at blade p\'e5 i alle programmer.Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du vil blade i, og lad fingeren glide op og ned ad den h\'f8jre kant p\'e5 TouchPad for at blade lodret. Denne funktion aktiveres ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0  eller \b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0 .Hvis Virtuel rulning ikke reagerer, skal du kontrollere, at afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver rulning\b0  er valgt, og at du kan blade i det vindue eller element, du klikkede p\'e5. Hvis du fortsat har problemer, skal du kontrollere indstillingerne for \b Rulleomr\'e5de\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Med indstillingerne for \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du brugerdefinere m\'e5den, hvorp\'e5 TouchPad reagerer p\'e5 dine ber\'f8ringer.\par
\par
F\'f8lsomhedsindstillingerne justeres ved at v\'e6lge et element p\'e5 menutr\'e6et \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor viser overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad. Det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser EdgeMotion-omr\'e5derne p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r du anbringer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad, vises der pile langs kanten af TouchPad-diagrammet for at vise fingerens position. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, \'e6ndres det tilsvarende EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet til en massiv farve. Du kan g\'f8re EdgeMotion-omr\'e5derne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter p\'e5 kanten af det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere EdgeMotion, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved at flytte kanterne p\'e5 det krydsskravede omr\'e5de indad. Hvis EdgeMotion aktiveres for nemt, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis EdgeMotion-omr\'e5derne er gr\'e5tonede og ikke kan justeres, skal du kontrollere, at EdgeMotion er aktiveret. EdgeMotion aktiveres ved at udf\'f8re f\'f8lgende trin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b EdgeMotion\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en af indstillingerne for \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Omr\'e5de for EdgeMotion\b0  p\'e5 menutr\'e6et for at vende tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Patentbem\'e6rkninger\b0\par
Denne software, den tilh\'f8rende inputenhed og/eller brug af enheden er underlagt et eller flere af disse patenter:\par
\par
\b Europ\'e6iske patentnr.\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Koreansk patentnr.\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Singaporeansk patentnr.\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Taiwanesisk patentnr.\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b China patentnr.\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Hong Kong patentnr.\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Japan patentnr.\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Patentnr. i USA\b0 .\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
og andre patenter inklusive anmeldte patenter.\par
\par
\b Varem\'e6rker\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, ChiralMotion-logoet, Scrybe-logoet og Synaptics-logoet er varem\'e6rker, der tilh\'f8rer Synaptics Incorporated og er registreret i USA og andre lande. Alle andre produkt-, service- eller virksomhedsnavne, som er n\'e6vnt i dette dokument, er varem\'e6rker eller handelsnavn, der tilh\'f8rer deres respektive virksomheder.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Alle rettigheder forbeholdes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Faste rammer\b0  begr\'e6nser mark\'f8ren til at blive indenfor det aktive vindue. N\'e5r du pr\'f8ver at flytte mark\'f8ren udenfor vinduet, stopper den ved kanten. Hvis du pr\'f8ver endnu en gang, kan mark\'f8ren forlade vinduet.\par
\par
Hvis mark\'f8ren stoppes ved vinduets ramme, er det nemt at f\'e5 adgang til kontroller,som ligger p\'e5 kanten af vinduet. Du kan f.eks. lukke eller \'e6ndre st\'f8rrelse p\'e5 et vindue ved hurtigt at flytte mark\'f8ren i retning af lukkefeltet eller kanten af vinduet, og mark\'f8ren vil stoppe, n\'f8jagtigt hvor du \'f8nsker det.\par
\par
Denne funktion aktiveres ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Faste rammer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
Knapperne p\'e5 denne side styrer, hvordan funktionen Tryk-og-v\'e6lg virker.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Rullehastighed\b0\par
Brug denne skyder til at styre, hvor hurtigt du bladrer i vinduet som en reaktion p\'e5 fingerbev\'e6gelser i omr\'e5det for Virtuel rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Denne skyder bestemmer, hvor hurtigt du skal trykke p\'e5 pegepinden for at foretage en handling, som svarer til et museklik.\par
\par
Hvis du bem\'e6rker utilsigtede klik, skal du justere til en hurtigere hastighed. Hvis du p\'e5 den anden side har problemer med at klikke med pegepinden, skal du justere til en langsommere hastighed.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
Hastighedsskyderen kan justeres fra "Langsomt tryk" (venstre) til \ldblquote Hurtigt tryk" (h\'f8jre).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Dette styrer om tryk p\'e5 pegepinden vil fungere som et h\'f8jreklik (menuhandling med kontekst) i stedet for et venstreklik (normal valghandling).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Tryk-og-v\'e6lg\b0  styrer funktionen Tryk-og-v\'e6lg for pegepinden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Med indstillingerne for \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du brugerdefinere m\'e5den, hvorp\'e5 pegepinden reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring.\par
\par
Indstillingerne for f\'f8lsom justeres ved at v\'e6lge et element p\'e5 menuen \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du styre hvor meget fingertryk, der er n\'f8dvendigt for at flytte mark\'f8ren ved en bestemt hastighed. Hvis mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelser er ustabile, kan du pr\'f8ve at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b H\'e5rd ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Dette styrer om tryk p\'e5 pegepinden kan bruges til at tr\'e6kke objekter p\'e5 sk\'e6rmbilledet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 denne knap, \'e5bnes selvstudiet for Virtuel rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Dette afsnit angiver funktionen for TouchPad, n\'e5r en ekstern PS2-enhed er tilsluttet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Lad TouchPad og den eksterne PS2-enhed fungere samtidigt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Deaktiverer TouchPad, n\'e5r en ekstern PS2-enhed er tilsluttet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Angiver, hvor langt du bladrer p\'e5 en side, n\'e5r du drejer hjulet et hak. Du kan blade et bestemt antal linjer eller et helt sk\'e6rmbillede.\par
\par
Det antal linjer, som menes med termen "et sk\'e6rmbillede" afh\'e6nger af st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 vinduet og det program, du bruger. Det er det samme som at bruge tasterne PgUp og PgDn p\'e5 tastaturet eller at klikke p\'e5 bladringsfeltet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Klik for at indstille antallet af linjer, som du vil blade med hvert hak i hjulet. Det kan v\'e6re n\'f8dvendigt at lukke og gen\'e5bne dine programmer, for at denne indstilling tr\'e6der i kraft.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Klik for at blade et sk\'e6rmbillede for hvert hak i hjulet. Det kan v\'e6re n\'f8dvendigt at lukke og gen\'e5bne dine programmer, for at denne indstilling tr\'e6der i kraft.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Med disse indstillinger kan du specificere, hvilket vindue eller element du bladrer i, n\'e5r du bruger Virtuel rulning. V\'e6lg de indstillinger for Virtuel rulning, som du \'f8nsker at aktivere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Tryk-og-v\'e6lg handling\b0\par
Du kan konfigurere pegepinden til at foretage et h\'f8jre eller venstre museklik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Gestus med tre fingre\b0\par
Hvis du lader tre fingre glide hen over TouchPad fra den \'f8verste del til den nederste del i en j\'e6vn, uafbrudt bev\'e6gelse og derefter samtidigt l\'f8fter alle tre fingre v\'e6k fra overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad, kaldes det en handling med tre fingre.\par
\par
Du kan anvende en handling med tre fingre til at udf\'f8re en handling, f.eks. "g\'e5 til en webside i standardbrowseren". Hver gang, du udf\'f8rer denne handling med tre fingre, vil webbrowseren automatisk \'e5bne og indl\'e6se den angivne side.\par
\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver gestus med tre fingre\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion. Der findes to mulige bev\'e6gelsesretninger for en handling med tre fingre: op-ned og ned-op.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurere en handling for f\'f8lgende handling med tre fingre, der vises i menutr\'e6et til venstre:\par
\par
\b Op\b0 : Lad tre fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en opadg\'e5ende, lodret bev\'e6gelse fra den nederste del mod den \'f8verste del.\par
\par
\b Ned\b0 : Lad tre fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en nedadg\'e5ende, lodret bev\'e6gelse fra den \'f8verste del mod den nederste del.\par
\par
S\'e5dan konfigurerer du en handling for en handling med tre fingre:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'f8rg for, at afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver gestus med tre fingre\b0  er markeret.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en indstilling i menutr\'e6et til venstre. V\'e6lg den indstilling, der passer til slutpunktet for bev\'e6gelsesretningen. Hvis du f.eks. vil konfigurere en handling med tre fingre, der begynder i nederste del og slutter i \'f8verste del, skal du v\'e6lge \b Op\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen ovenfor for at tildele den til den valgte handling. Den valgte handling foretages derefter, hver gang du udf\'f8rer denne handling med tre fingre.\par
4.\tab Der er mange handlinger, der ikke kr\'e6ver ekstra konfiguration. Hvis du alligevel skal angive flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Du kan altid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , hvis du vil have vist eller \'e6ndre konfigurationen af handlingen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Hvis det ikke er muligt at v\'e6lge en handling p\'e5 listen, skal du s\'f8rge for at aktivere indstillingerne. Udf\'f8r f\'f8lgende trin for at aktivere indstillingerne:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b Gestus med tre fingre\b0  i menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver gestus med tre fingre\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg bev\'e6gelsens slutpunkt i menutr\'e6et for at vende tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Gestus med to fingre\b0\par
En handling med to fingre best\'e5r i at anbringe to fingre p\'e5 overfladen af TouchPad og lade dem glide fra \'e9n side (eller \'e9t hj\'f8rne) af TouchPad til den modsatte side (eller det modsatte hj\'f8rne) i en j\'e6vn, uafbrudt bev\'e6gelse, hvorefter begge fingre samtidigt l\'f8ftes fra overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Du kan anvende en handling med to fingre til at udf\'f8re en handling, f.eks. "g\'e5 til en webside i standardbrowseren". Hver gang, du udf\'f8rer denne handling med to fingre, vil webbrowseren automatisk \'e5bne og indl\'e6se den angivne side.\par
\par
Mark\'e9r afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver gestus med to fingre\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion. Der findes otte mulige bev\'e6gelsesretninger for en handling med to fingre.\par
\par
Det er ikke alle fingerhandlinger, der kan udf\'f8res p\'e5 alle maskiner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurere en handling for f\'f8lgende handling med to fingre, der vises i menutr\'e6et til venstre:\par
\par
\b Op\b0 : Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en opadg\'e5ende, lodret bev\'e6gelse fra den nederste del mod den \'f8verste del.\par
\par
\b\'d8verste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne:\b0  Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en diagonal bev\'e6gelse fra det nederste venstre hj\'f8rne til det \'f8verste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne.\par
\par
\b H\'f8jre:\b0  Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en vandret bev\'e6gelse fra venstre side til h\'f8jre side.\par
\par
\b Nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne:\b0  Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en diagonal bev\'e6gelse fra det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne til det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne.\par
\par
\b Ned\b0 : Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en nedadg\'e5ende, lodret bev\'e6gelse fra den \'f8verste del mod den nederste del.\par
\par
\b Nederste venstre hj\'f8rne:\b0  Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en diagonal bev\'e6gelse fra det \'f8verste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne til det nederste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
\par
\b Venstre:\b0  Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en vandret bev\'e6gelse fra h\'f8jre side til venstre side.\par
\par
\b\'d8verste venstre hj\'f8rne:\b0  Lad to fingre glide hen over overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad i en diagonal bev\'e6gelse fra det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne til det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
\par
S\'e5dan konfigurerer du en handling for en handling med to fingre:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Kontroller, at afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver gestus med to fingre\b0  er markeret.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en indstilling i menutr\'e6et til venstre. V\'e6lg den indstilling, der passer til slutpunktet for bev\'e6gelsesretningen. Hvis du f.eks. vil konfigurere en gestus med to fingre, der begynder nederst og slutter \'f8verst, skal du v\'e6lge \b Op\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen ovenfor for at tildele den til den valgte gestus. Den valgte handling foretages derefter, hver gang du udf\'f8rer denne gestus med to fingre.\par
4.\tab Der er mange handlinger, der ikke kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der alligevel kr\'e6ves yderligere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , hvis du vil vise eller \'e6ndre konfigurationen af handlingen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Hvis det ikke er muligt at v\'e6lge en handling p\'e5 listen, skal du s\'f8rge for at aktivere indstillingerne. Udf\'f8r f\'f8lgende trin for at aktivere indstillingerne:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b Gestus med to fingre\b0  i menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver gestus med to fingre\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg bev\'e6gelsens slutpunkt i menutr\'e6et for at vende tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
Med vinduet \b Egenskaber\b0  kan du definere indstillingerne for dit pegeredskab. Brug menutr\'e6et til venstre for at f\'e5 adgang til tilpasningsfunktionerne.\par
\par
\b Brug af vinduet Egenskaber\b0\par
Klik p\'e5 en funktion p\'e5 menutr\'e6et for at f\'e5 vist en side med indstillinger for funktionen. Visse funktioner har flere sider med indstillinger. Klik p\'e5 \b +\b0  (plus-tegnet) ved siden af en funktion for at f\'e5 vist alle tilknyttede sider. Indstillingerne vises i vinduet til h\'f8jre for menutr\'e6et. Oplysninger om disse indstillinger og vejledning i, hvordan du kan \'e6ndre dem, vises her i informationsfeltet. Du kan bruge bladringsfeltet til at f\'e5 vist indholdet i informationsfeltet.\par
\par
\b Knappen Gendan alle standarder\b0\par
Knappen \b Gendan alle standarder\b0  nulstiller alle indstillinger p\'e5 samtlige sider til de fabriksindstillede v\'e6rdier.\par
\par
\b Knappen Gendan sidestandarder\b0\par
Knappen \b Gendan sidestandarder\b0  nulstiller alle indstillinger p\'e5 den aktuelle side til de fabriksindstillede v\'e6rdier.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b OK\b0  for at gemme dine \'e6ndringer og lukke vinduet Egenskaber.\par
\par
\b Knappen Annuller\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Annuller\b0  for at lukke vinduet Egenskaber uden at gemme \'e6ndringer. De tidligere indstillinger tr\'e6der i kraft.\par
\par
\b Knappen Udf\'f8r\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Udf\'f8r\b0  for at gemme dine \'e6ndringer. Vinduet Egenskaber forbliver \'e5bent, s\'e5 du kan foretage flere \'e6ndringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Virtuel rulning\b0  kan du blade i websider, dokumenter eller andre elementer via en TouchPad. Placer fingeren i rulleomr\'e5det - yderkanten af TouchPad - og lad fingeren glide rundt i cirkler. Der er en lille forh\'f8jning i overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad, der leder fingeren p\'e5 vej. Du beh\'f8ver imidlertid ikke blive i yderkanten, n\'e5r du er begyndt at blade. Bare du starter i rulleomr\'e5det - s\'e5 kan du flytte fingeren mod centrum af TouchPad og blade i sm\'e5 cirkler i midten, hvis du foretr\'e6kker det. Du standser bladringen, ved simpelthen at l\'f8fte fingeren.\par
\par
Virtuel rulning omfatter: lodret rulning (op og ned), lodret rulning og vandret rulning (op, ned, til h\'f8jre, til venstre), rullelyd (lydeffekt) eller ingen rulning overhovedet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling for at kunne rulle op og ned.\par
\par
Du ruller ned ved at placere fingeren et sted i rulleomr\'e5det og flytte fingeren i cirkler med uret.\par
\par
Du ruller op ved at placere fingeren et sted i rulleomr\'e5det og flytte fingeren i cirkler mod uret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lodret og vandret rulning\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling for at kunne rulle ned, op, til h\'f8jre, til venstre. H\'f8jre side af rulleomr\'e5det styrer lodret rulning. Den nederste del af rulleomr\'e5det styrer vandret rulning.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle ned, skal du placere fingeren i h\'f8jre del af rulleomr\'e5det og flytte fingeren i cirkler med uret.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle op, skal du placere fingeren i h\'f8jre del af rulleomr\'e5det og flytte fingeren i cirkler mod uret.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle til h\'f8jre, skal du placere fingeren i nederste del af rulleomr\'e5det og flytte fingeren i cirkler mod uret.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle til venstre, skal du placere fingeren i nederste del af rulleomr\'e5det og flytte fingeren i cirkler med uret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Aktiver rullelyd\b0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling for at s\'e6tte lyd p\'e5 rulning.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk: Du skal ogs\'e5 v\'e6lge \b Lodret rulning\b0  eller \b Lodret og vandret rulning\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Deaktiver rulning\b0\par
Hvis du ikke vil benytte nogen af funktionerne i Virtuel rulning, skal du v\'e6lge \b Deaktiver rulning\b0 . N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, kan rulleomr\'e5det stadig benyttes til at pege og sl\'e5 p\'e5, i stedet for at rulle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Oplysningsindstillinger\b0\par
\par
Der er en r\'e6kke indstillinger for oplysning af LuxPad. V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver oplysning\b0  for at tilpasse lyseffekterne p\'e5 LuxPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Lysstyrke\b0\par
\par
Du kan v\'e6lge forskellige lysstyrker til tidspunkter, hvor den b\'e6rbare hhv. er sat til lysnettet eller k\'f8rer p\'e5 batteri. Det er praktisk, hvis batteriets levetid er afg\'f8rende.\par
\par
Lysstyrke ved \b Ekstern str\'f8m\b0  og \b Batteri\b0  kan indstilles til \b Lav\b0 , \b Medium\b0  og \b H\'f8j\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis indstillingerne p\'e5 denne side er gr\'e5tonede og ikke kan v\'e6lges, kan du aktivere dem ved at klikke p\'e5 \b Oplysningsindstillinger\b0  i menutr\'e6et til venstre. V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver oplysning\b0 , og g\'e5 tilbage til \b siden Lysstyrke\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Oplysningstid\b0\par
\par
Siden \b Oplysningstid\b0  indeholder en r\'e6kke indstillinger i forbindelse med lyseffekter.\par
\par
V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Altid t\'e6ndt\b0 , hvis LuxPad altid skal lyse, n\'e5r du har logget p\'e5.\tab\par
\par
Indstillingerne \b Oplysningstid efter logon\b0  og\b  Oplys ved ber\'f8ring\b0  kan kun v\'e6lges, n\'e5r afkrydsningsfeltet \b Altid t\'e6ndt\b0  er tomt. Hvis der er et hak i afkrydsningsfeltet \b Altid t\'e6ndt\b0 , kan du fjerne det ved at klikke p\'e5 det.\par
\par
Med skyderen\b  Oplysningstid efter logon\b0  kan du angive, hvor l\'e6nge LuxPad skal lyse, efter at du har logget p\'e5.\tab Flyt skyderen til venstre for kortere tid eller h\'f8jre for l\'e6ngere tid.\par
\par
V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet\b  Oplys ved ber\'f8ring\b0 , hvis LuxPad skal lyse, n\'e5r din finger er p\'e5 LuxPads overflade. LuxPad vil lyse, hver gang du r\'f8r den.\par
\par
Hvis indstillingerne p\'e5 denne side er gr\'e5tonede og ikke kan v\'e6lges, kan du aktivere dem ved at klikke p\'e5\b  Oplysningsindstillinger\b0  i menutr\'e6et til venstre. V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver oplysning\b0 , og g\'e5 tilbage til \b siden\b0  Oplysningstid.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge pegepind eller TouchPad til at flytte mark\'f8ren ned, skal du v\'e6lge den rigtige \b Aktiver\b0 -indstilling.\par
\par
Du kan b\'e5de aktivere pegepind og TouchPad. Hvis du g\'f8r det, kan du bruge den ene eller den anden til at flytte mark\'f8ren med.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruge knapper til pegeredskab, TouchPad-knapper eller begge dele, s\'e5 skal du v\'e6lge de rigtige \b Aktiver\b0 -indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
V\'e6lg indstillingen \b Deaktiver\b0  for den enhed eller enhedens knapper, der ikke skal benyttes - p\'e5 den m\'e5de kommer du ikke til at aktivere dem, n\'e5r du taster eller peger.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk: Du kan ikke b\'e5de deaktivere pegepind og TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Du kan \'e6ndre den handling, der er knyttet til at trykke p\'e5 en \b Venstre-knap\b0 , \b Begge-knapper\b0  eller \b H\'f8jre-knap\b0 , ved at klikke p\'e5 pil ned p\'e5 rullelisten for at se indstillingerne. V\'e6lg den \'f8nskede handling.\par
\par
Hvis du skal angive flere oplysninger til den \'f8nskede handling, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Hvis du skal angive flere oplysninger til den valgte handling p\'e5 rullelisten, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 . Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , og indtast de \'f8nskede oplysninger i dialogboksen. Klik p\'e5 knappen \b OK\b0  for at gemme indstillingerne og lukke dialogboksen.\par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger ved at klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Du kan genindl\'e6se standardv\'e6rdierne for alle elementer i dette vindue ved at klikke p\'e5 denne knap.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Du kan bruge et slag med en finger til at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik, hvis du v\'e6lger afkrydsningsfeltet \b Sl\'e5 for klik\b0 . Et slag med en finger defineres som en hurtig bev\'e6gelse ned og op.\par
\par
N\'e5r dette afkrydsningsfelt er tomt, kan du kun udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik ved at trykke p\'e5 en knap.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Du kan tr\'e6kke objekter uden brug af en TouchPad-knap ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningfeltet \b Slag og tr\'e6k\b0 .\par
\par
Denne funktion bruges ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 et objekt for at v\'e6lge det, hurtigt s\'e6tte fingeren tilbage p\'e5 TouchPad og tr\'e6kke fingeren i den \'f8nskede retning for at tr\'e6kke objektet. L\'f8ft fingeren fra TouchPad for at slippe objektet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Objekter kan tr\'e6kkes hen over sk\'e6rmen ved hj\'e6lp af flere fingerstr\'f8g, hvis du v\'e6lger afkrydsningsfeltet \b L\'e5setr\'e6k\b0 .\par
\par
Med l\'e5setr\'e6k skal du sl\'e5 p\'e5 et objekt for at v\'e6lge det. Brug s\'e5 mange fingerstr\'f8g, du vil, til at flytte objektet til den \'f8nskede plads. Du beh\'f8ver ikke at holde fingeren nede hele tiden. Det valgte objekt slippes ikke, f\'f8r du sl\'e5r p\'e5 TouchPad igen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Du kan bruge skyderen til at justere, hvor meget der skal trykkes, f\'f8r TouchPad reagerer. Hvis mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelser er ustabile, skal du flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Du kan forhindre u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik, mens du taster, ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver PalmCheck\b0 .\par
\par
Denne funktion hj\'e6lper TouchPad med at genkende, at din h\'e5nd hviler p\'e5 den eller fejer hen over den, mens du taster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Brug skyderen til at justere PalmChecks f\'f8lsomhed.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad aktiverer u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik, kan du \'f8ge indstillingen for PalmCheck ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre. Men hvis du flytter skyderen for langt til h\'f8jre mod \b Maksimum\b0 , vil du oftere opleve at bev\'e6gelser eller slag ikke registreres\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad ikke registrerer tilsigtede slag eller bev\'e6gelser, kan du mindske f\'f8lsomheden for PalmCheck ved at flytte skyderen til venstre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
EdgeMotion lader mark\'f8ren forts\'e6tte, n\'e5r du kommer til kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
Uden EdgeMotion er du n\'f8dt til at foretage flere fingerstr\'f8g p\'e5 TouchPad eller \'f8ge mark\'f8rens hastighed p\'e5 fanebladet \b Mark\'f8rindstillinger\b0  for nemmere at kunne flytte mark\'f8ren over l\'e6ngere afstande.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Hvis \i EdgeMotion\i0  skal bruges til tr\'e6kkebev\'e6gelser (sl\'e5-og-tr\'e6k og l\'e5setr\'e6k), skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Under tr\'e6k\b0 .\par
\par
EdgeMotion lader mark\'f8ren forts\'e6tte med at bev\'e6ge sig, selvom du n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, vil EdgeMotion ikke optr\'e6de under almindelig mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Hvis \i EdgeMotion\i0  skal bruges, n\'e5r din finger n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b N\'e5r der peges\b0 .\par
\par
EdgeMotion lader mark\'f8ren forts\'e6tte med at bev\'e6ge sig, selvom du n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Hvis \i EdgeMotion\i0  skal bruges til \b Virtuel rulning\b0 , skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Under rulning\b0 .\par
\par
EdgeMotion lader mark\'f8ren forts\'e6tte med at bev\'e6ge sig, selvom du n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Dette diagram repr\'e6senterer TouchPads overflade. Det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser EdgeMotion-omr\'e5derne p\'e5 TouchPads overflade.\par
\par
N\'e5r du anbringer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad, vises der pile langs kanten af TouchPad-diagrammet for at vise fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i et aktivt EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, vil det tilsvarende EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet skifte til en d\'e6kkende farve. Du kan g\'f8re EdgeMotion-omr\'e5der st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke i en af de sm\'e5, sorte firkanter i kanten af det skraverede omr\'e5de.\par
\par
Hvis det er sv\'e6rt at aktivere EdgeMotion, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved at flytte kanterne p\'e5 det skraverede omr\'e5de indad. Hvis du synes, at EdgeMotion aktiveres for nemt, kan du pr\'f8ve at formindske EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis EdgeMotion-omr\'e5derne er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, skal du v\'e6lge en af EdgeMotion-indstillingerne - derefter kan du tilpasse omr\'e5derne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Du kan benytte trykf\'f8lsom hastighed ved at v\'e6lge dette afkrydsningsfelt. N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, vil mark\'f8ren bev\'e6ge sig hurtigere, n\'e5r du trykker h\'e5rdere.\par
\par
Hvis du vil have en konstant hastighed, skal afkrydsningsfeltet \b Kontroller EdgeMotion-hastighed med fingertryk\b0  v\'e6re tomt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Du kan justere EdgeMotion-hastighed med denne skyder, n\'e5r afkrydsningsfeltet \b Kontroller EdgeMotion-hastighed med fingertryk\b0  er tomt. Tr\'e6k skyderen til h\'f8jre for at g\'f8re EdgeMotion hurtigere eller til venstre for at g\'f8re den langsommere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
For at kunne konfigurere en slagzone til at udf\'f8re en bestemt handling, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzoner\b0 . Hvert hj\'f8rne af overfladen p\'e5 TouchPad kan konfigureres som en slagzone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Hvis du vil v\'e6lge en handling til en slagzone, skal du v\'e6lge en indstilling p\'e5 rullelisten. Hvis du skal angive flere oplysninger til den valgte handling, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Dette diagram repr\'e6senterer TouchPads overflade. De krydsskraverede omr\'e5der i diagrammet viser de aktive slagzoneomr\'e5der p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r du anbringer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad, vises der pile langs kanten af TouchPad-diagrammet for at vise fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i et aktivt slagzoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, \'e6ndres det tilsvarende slagzoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet til en d\'e6kkende farve. Du kan g\'f8re slagzoneomr\'e5derne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5, sorte firkanter p\'e5 hj\'f8rnerne af de krydsskraverede omr\'e5der.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere en slagzone, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re slagzoneomr\'e5det st\'f8rre. Hvis du synes, at slagzoneomr\'e5det aktiveres for nemt, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re slagzoneomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis slagzonerne er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzone\b0  - derefter kan du tilpasse omr\'e5derne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Du kan benytte en fejebev\'e6gelse til at udf\'f8re samme funktion som pileknapperne \b Frem\b0  og \b Tilbage\b0  i en webbrowser ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver frem/tilbage-handlinger\b0 .\par
\par
Du kan pege frem eller tilbage ved at placere fingeren langs \'f8verste kant af TouchPad og bev\'e6ge fingeren til h\'f8jre eller venstre. Hvis du flytter fingeren til venstre, svarer det til at klikke p\'e5 pil tilbage. Hvis du flytter fingeren til h\'f8jre, svarer det til at klikke p\'e5 pil frem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Du kan bruge funktionerne under Virtuel rulning ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver rulning\b0 .\par
\par
N\'e5r Virtuel rulning er aktiveret, ruller det valgte vindue eller element lodret, n\'e5r du tr\'e6kker fingeren op og ned ad h\'f8jre kant p\'e5 TouchPad. Hvis du tr\'e6kker fingeren vandret langs nederste kant af TouchPad, ruller det valgte vindue eller element vandret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 denne knap for at vise og \'e6ndre indstillingerne til Virtuel rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
For at rulle i det aktive vindue eller element, skal du v\'e6lge \b Rul valgt element\b0 . Det aktive element er normalt det seneste vindue, en del af et vindue eller det element, du sidst har klikket p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
V\'e6lg denne indstilling for at kunne rulle et element, der st\'e5r under mark\'f8ren i et aktivt program. Denne indstilling lader dig rulle elementet, uden at du f\'f8rst skal klikke p\'e5 det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
V\'e6lg afkrydsningsfeltet \b Frilb\b0  for nemmere at kunne blade gennem lange dokumenter. Med Frilb forts\'e6tter virtuel rulning, efter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren fra TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruge frilb, skal du flytte og l\'f8fte fingeren i en glat vandret eller lodret bev\'e6gelse. Stop frilb igen ved at s\'e6tte fingeren tilbage p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Dette diagram repr\'e6senterer TouchPads overflade. Det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet viser omr\'e5derne for virtuel rulning p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r du anbringer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad, vises der pile langs kanten af TouchPad-diagrammet for at vise fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i et aktivt Virtuel rulning-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, \'e6ndres det tilsvarende omr\'e5de p\'e5 diagrammet til en d\'e6kkende farve. Du kan g\'f8re omr\'e5derne for Virtuel rulning st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5, sorte firkanter p\'e5 kanten af det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere Virtuel rulning, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re omr\'e5det for Virtuel rulning st\'f8rre ved at flytte kanterne p\'e5 det krydsskraverede omr\'e5de indad. Hvis du synes, at Virtuel rulning aktiveres for nemt, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re Virtuel rulning-omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis Virtuel rulning-omr\'e5derne er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, skal du v\'e6lge en af indstillingerne for Virtuel rulning - derefter kan du tilpasse omr\'e5derne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b\'d8velse\b0  for at k\'f8re selvstudiet Virtuel rulning. Denne labyrint vil hj\'e6lpe dig med at l\'e6re at bruge funktionen Virtuel rulning.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk: S\'f8rg for, at begge afkrydsningsfelterne \b Vandret rulning\b0  og \b Lodret rulning er valgt\b0 .\par
\par
Unders\'f8g labyrinten, f\'f8r du pr\'f8ver at finde start- og slutpunkterne. Man kan ikke se hele labyrinten, fordi den er st\'f8rre end det vindue den vises i. Brug Virtuel rulning til at flytte udsnittet af labyrinten i vinduet. Hold \b Ctrl\b0 -tasten nede, og brug Virtuel rulning til at zoome ind og ud af labyrinten.\par
\par
En gul prik i \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne af labyrinten markerer indgangen. En bl\'e5 prik til h\'f8jre markerer udgangen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan starter du:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik p\'e5 den r\'f8de firkant i den gule prik for at begynde.\par
2.\tab Brug \b piletasterne\b0 , eller sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad for at navigere gennem labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Brug Virtuel rulning til at \'e6ndre udsnit af labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Luk\b0  p\'e5 \b\'f8velsesvinduet for Virtuel rulning\b0 , n\'e5r du n\'e5r den bl\'e5 plet i nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge Virtuel rulning p\'e5 vinduer med vandrette bladringsfelter, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Vandret rulning\b0 . N\'e5r du lader fingeren glide frem og tilbage langs den nederste kant p\'e5 TouchPad, bladrer du vandret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge Virtuel rulning p\'e5 vinduer med lodrette bladringsfelter, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Lodret rulning\b0 . N\'e5r du lader fingeren glide op og ned langs h\'f8jre kant p\'e5 TouchPad, bladrer du lodret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Du kan styre hastigheden for Virtuel rulning med denne skyder. Tr\'e6k skyderen mod h\'f8jre for hurtigere bladning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge slag og tryk til at udf\'f8re bestemte handlinger, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Tryk-og-v\'e6lg\b0 . Handlingerne tilknyttes p\'e5 rullelisten \b Handling ved slag\b0 .\par
\par
\i Slag \i0 er en hurtig ned-og-op-fingerbev\'e6gelse oven p\'e5 pegepinden. Et let og hurtigt slag virker bedst. H\'e5rde og langsomme slag virker ikke s\'e5 godt. Sl\'e5 en gang for et enkelt klik og to gange hurtigt efter hinanden for dobbeltklik.\par
\par
\i Tryk \i0 betyder et raskt tryk nedad p\'e5 pegepinden med fingeren. Et let, overlagt tryk virker bedst. Tryk lige ned for at simulere et klik og hold med museknappen. Tryk lige ned og derefter til siden for at klikke og tr\'e6kke i en bestemt retning. L\'f8ft fingeren for at slippe det objekt, der tr\'e6kkes.\par
\par
N\'e5r afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Tryk-og-v\'e6lg\b0  er tomt, er du n\'f8dt til at trykke p\'e5 en knap for at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Du kan forhindre u\'f8nskede klik, mens du taster, ved at v\'e6lge dette afkrydsningsfelt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Hvis du vil knytte en handling til det at sl\'e5 p\'e5 pegepinden, skal du v\'e6lge en indstilling p\'e5 rullelisten \b Handling ved slag\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Du kan justere, hvor hurtigt der skal sl\'e5s p\'e5 pegepinden for at klikke og dobbeltklikke, ved at flytte skyderen.\par
\par
Hvis du s\'e6tter hastigheden for langsom, kan der forekomme utilsigtede klik samt forsinket mark\'f8r og tr\'e6k. Hvis du imidlertid s\'e6tter hastigheden for hurtig, vil det kunne v\'e6re sv\'e6rt at bruge Tryk-og-v\'e6lg.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge Virtuel rulning, skal du v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver rulning\b0 . N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, kan pegepinden kun bruges til vandret eller Virtuel rulning. Du skal bruge TouchPad eller en ekstern mus til at bev\'e6ge mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
Virtuel rulning bruges ved at trykke p\'e5 pegepinden i den \'f8nskede retning. Du stopper rulningen ved at l\'f8fte fingeren fra pegepinden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Du kan indstille hastigheden for \b Virtuel rulning\b0  med denne skyder. Flyt skyderen til h\'f8jre for at rulle hurtigere eller til venstre for at rulle langsommere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Du kan indstille den n\'f8dvendige kraft ved b\'e5de mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse og Tryk-og-v\'e6lg p\'e5 pegepind ved hj\'e6lp af skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0 .\par
\par
For at mindske den n\'f8dvendige kraft skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
For at \'f8ge den n\'f8dvendige kraft skal du flytte skyderen mod \b H\'e5rd ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Du kan holde mark\'f8ren inden for det aktive vindue ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Stop mark\'f8ren ved vinduets kant\b0 . Hvis du stopper mark\'f8ren ved vinduets kant, bliver det lettere at n\'e5 knapper i kanten af et vindue.\par
\par
Med denne indstilling stopper mark\'f8ren ved kanten, f\'f8rste gang du pr\'f8ver at flytte den uden for vinduet. Hvis du pr\'f8ver en gang til, g\'e5r mark\'f8ren uden for vinduet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Du kan forbedre pegefunktionens n\'f8jagtighed ved at v\'e6lge en indstilling p\'e5 rullelisten \b Tast til langsom bev\'e6gelse\b0 . Med denne funktion kan du neds\'e6tte mark\'f8rens hastighed.\par
\par
Du opn\'e5r langsom bev\'e6gelse ved at trykke p\'e5 og holde den valgte tast nede, mens du bev\'e6ger mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Hvis mark\'f8ren automatisk skal have sin standardindstilling, n\'e5r der vises en dialogboks p\'e5 sk\'e6rmen, skal du v\'e6lge denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Hvis du vil tvinge mark\'f8ren til ren vandret eller lodret bev\'e6gelse p\'e5 sk\'e6rmen, skal du v\'e6lge en indstilling p\'e5 rullelisten \b Tast til tvunget bev\'e6gelse\b0 .\par
\par
Du tvinger mark\'f8ren ved at trykke p\'e5 og holde den valgte tast nede, mens du bev\'e6ger mark\'f8ren. N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 tasten, afg\'f8r mark\'f8rens f\'f8rste retning bev\'e6gelsesretningen, s\'e5 l\'e6nge din finger forbliver p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Du kan f\'e5 feedback p\'e5 pegehandlinger ved at v\'e6lge afkrydsningsfeltet \b Animeret\b0 . Det animerede ikon vises p\'e5 proceslinjen i Windows. Dobbeltklik p\'e5 ikonet for at f\'e5 adgang til vinduet \b Egenskaber for mus\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Du kan f\'e5 en meget j\'e6vn mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse ved at v\'e6lge \b Hurtig\b0  opdateringshastighed for mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Hvis mark\'f8ren forekommer ustabil eller flimrer p\'e5 sk\'e6rmen, kan du pr\'f8ve at v\'e6lge \b Langsom\b0  opdateringshastighed for mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Dette er versionsnummeret p\'e5 din Synaptics TouchPad-driver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Du kan finde de seneste oplysninger om Synaptics patenter p\'e5 vores websted: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dual-tilstand\b0\par
Funktionen Dual-tilstand giver dig mulighed for at skifte fra mark\'f8rtilstand til knaptilstand. I knaptilstand giver de virtuelle knapper p\'e5 overfladen af TouchPad praktiske genveje til de programmer, du ofte bruger, og der er ogs\'e5 en volumenkontrol, s\'e5 du hurtigt kan skrue op og ned for lyden.\par
\par
For at aktivere Dual-tilstand, skal du v\'e6lge \b Skift til knaptilstand\b0  ved at sl\'e5 i det \'f8verste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne i afkrydsningsfeltet.\par
\par
S\'e5dan anvendes knaptilstand:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Sl\'e5 p\'e5 knappen \b Skift tilstand\b0 . Denne knap er placeret i TouchPad'ens \'f8verste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne lige over volumenkontrollen.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Sl\'e5 p\'e5 den virtuelle knap til det program, du gerne vil starte. TouchPad vender automatisk tilbage til mark\'f8rtilstand, n\'e5r programmet er startet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Bem\'e6rk: Du kan anvende knaptilstand, n\'e5r et eksternt pegeredskab som f.eks. en mus er\~tilsluttet, hvis du v\'e6lger \b Altid i knaptilstand, n\'e5r en ekstern enhed er tilsluttet\b0  i afkrydsningsfeltet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
\b Indstilling af knaptilstand\b0\par
Der er seks virtuelle knapper, som kan konfigureres efter dine behov. De tre \'f8verste virtuelle knapper er tildelt standardindstillingerne, og de andre er ikke konfigureret. Standardindstillingerne for de konfigurerede virtuelle knapper st\'e5r p\'e5 listen nedenfor:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den \'f8verste venstre virtuelle startes det e-mail-program, knappen er blevet tildelt.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den midterste virtuelle knap for oven startes programmet ConfigFree. Se\~Toshiba-onlinehj\'e6lp for yderligere oplysninger.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den \'f8verste h\'f8jre virtuelle knap sendes emnet i det aktive vindue til\~printeren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
\b Indstilling af knaptilstand\b0\par
Der er seks virtuelle knapper, som kan konfigureres efter dine behov. Fire af\~de virtuelle knapper er tildelt standardindstillingerne, og de andre er ikke konfigureret. Standardindstillingerne for de konfigurerede virtuelle knapper st\'e5r p\'e5 listen nedenfor:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den \'f8verste venstre virtuelle startes det e-mail-program, knappen er blevet tildelt.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den midterste virtuelle knap for oven startes den webbrowser, knappen er tildelt.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den \'f8verste h\'f8jre virtuelle knap startes programmet BeatJam. Se\~Toshiba-onlinehj\'e6lp for yderligere oplysninger.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ved at sl\'e5 p\'e5 den nederste venstre virtuelle knap \'e5bnes Toshiba-onlinehj\'e6lp.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
Funktionen til \b Knapkontrol\b0  beskytter mod, at der ved en fejl bliver trykket p\'e5 en knap. Knapkontrol g\'f8r det muligt at genkende, n\'e5r din h\'e5ndflade hviler p\'e5 dem, eller n\'e5r du kortvarigt r\'f8rer ved dem, n\'e5r du skriver p\'e5 tastaturet. Dette er med til at forhindre u\'f8nsket aktivering af knap.\par
\par
Hvis knappen bliver u\'f8nsket aktiveret, skal indstillingen til Knapkontrol \'f8ges ved at flytte skyderen til det h\'f8jre mod \b Maksimum\b0 . Hvis knappen mangler \'f8nskede aktiveringer, skal du indstillingen til Knapkontrol reduceres ved at flytte skyderen mod \b Minimum\b0 . Du kommer h\'f8jst sandsynligt til at opleve manglende knapper, hvis skyderen befinder sig helt ude til h\'f8jre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
V\'e6lg knappen i menutr\'e6et for at konfigurere den handling, der skal udf\'f8res, n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en knap. Du kan f.eks. definere knap 1 til at "g\'e5 til en webside i din standardbrowser." Hver gang du trykker p\'e5 knap 1, \'e5bnes din webbrowser automatisk og indl\'e6ser den angivne side.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Med indstillingerne under \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du tilpasse den m\'e5de, hvorp\'e5 enheden reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring. V\'e6lg et element i menutr\'e6et \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  for at justere indstillingerne for f\'f8lsomhed.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du justere, hvor stor fingertryk der skal til, f\'f8r enheden reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelser eller klik er uregelm\'e6ssige, eller hvis du arbejder i et omr\'e5de med h\'f8j fugtighed, kan du mindske f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b H\'e5rd ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du skal trykke for h\'e5rdt for at betjene enheden, kan du \'f8ge f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen herover for at tildele den til den valgte knap. Den valgte handling forekommer, hver gang du trykker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
Afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lyde\b0  afspiller en lyd, der er konfigureret af brugeren, n\'e5r der trykkes p\'e5 en knap.\par
N\'e5r afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lyde\b0  ikke er markeret, deaktiveres lyde, og der h\'f8res ikke en lyd, n\'e5r der trykkes p\'e5 en knap.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
Afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver oplysning\b0  oplyser knapperne, n\'e5r de er inaktive og aktive.\par
Hvis afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver oplysninger\b0  ikke er markeret, er oplysning deaktiveret, og tryk p\'e5 knapperne \'e6ndrer ikke knappernes lysstyrke.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Inaktiv lysstyrke\b0  kan du justere knappernes lysstyrkeniveau, n\'e5r der ikke er trykket p\'e5 dem.\par
Hvis knappernes lysstyrkeniuveau er for h\'f8jt, n\'e5r der ikke er trykket p\'e5 dem, kan du flytte skyderen mod indstillingen \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Hvis knappernes lysstyrkeniuveau er for lavt, n\'e5r der ikke er trykket p\'e5 dem, kan du flytte skyderen mod indstillingen \b Maksimum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Aktiv lysstyrke\b0  kan du justere knappernes lysstyrkeniveau, n\'e5r der er trykket p\'e5 dem.\par
Hvis knappernes lysstyrkeniuveau er for h\'f8jt, n\'e5r der ikke er trykket p\'e5 dem, kan du flytte skyderen mod indstillingen \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Hvis knappernes lysstyrkeniuveau er for lavt, n\'e5r der ikke er trykket p\'e5 dem, kan du flytte skyderen mod indstillingen \b Maksimum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Indstillinger for knaptilstand\b0\par
Der findes seks virtuelle knapper, der kan konfigureres til at passe til dine behov. De \'f8verste tre virtuelle knapper har standardindstillinger, og de andre er ikke konfigureret. Standardindstillingerne til de konfigurerede knapper er vist herunder:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Et slag p\'e5 den \'f8verste virtuelle knap til venstre \'e5bner det tildelte e-mailprogram.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Et slap p\'e5 den \'f8verste virtuelle knap i midten \'e5bner ConfigFree-programmet. Se onlinehj\'e6lpen til Toshiba for at f\'e5 yderligere oplysninger.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Et slag p\'e5 den \'f8verste virtuelle knap til h\'f8jre \'e5bner Windows Fotogalleri.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
V\'e6lg skyderen fra menutr\'e6et for at konfigurere den handling, der udf\'f8res, n\'e5r du bev\'e6ger din finger over skyderen. Du kan f.eks. definere Skyder To 1 til "Juster volumen p\'e5 dit system." Hver gang du bev\'e6ger din finger hen over Skyder 1, \'f8ges eller s\'e6nkes volumen\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
V\'e6lg en handling fra ovenst\'e5ende s\'e6t med handlinger, som skal tildeles til den valgte skyder. Den valgte handling forekommer, hver gang du bev\'e6ger din finger op eller ned p\'e5 skyderen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Juster mark\'f8rhastigheden\b0\par
Denne skyder kontrollerer mark\'f8rens hastighed. Du kan v\'e6lge mark\'f8rens hastighed ved at justere skyderen mellem \b Hurtig\b0  og \b Langsom\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Indstillinger for knaptilstand\b0\par
Der findes seks virtuelle knapper, der kan konfigureres til at passe til dine behov. De \'f8verste tre virtuelle knapper har standardindstillinger, og de andre er ikke konfigureret. Standardindstillingerne til de konfigurerede knapper er vist herunder:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Et slag p\'e5 den \'f8verste virtuelle knap til venstre \'e5bner det tildelte e-mailprogram.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Et slag p\'e5 den \'f8verste virtuelle knap i midten \'e5bner ConfigFree-programmet. Se onlinehj\'e6lpen til Toshiba for at f\'e5 yderligere oplysninger.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Et slag p\'e5 den \'f8verste virtuelle knap \'e5bner mappen Mine billeder.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Kontrollinje\par
\par
Med kontrollinjen kan du konfigurere knapper til at starte dine foretrukne applikationer. Du kan tilpasse udseendet p\'e5 kontrollinjen gennem indstillinger til oplysning, udtoning og ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed. Kontrollinjen giver ogs\'e5 let adgang til volumenkontrol til softwarelydeffekter.\par
\par
V\'e6lg \b Aktiver\b0  for at bruge kontrollinjen. Hvis du ikke \'f8nsker at bruge kontrollinjen, kan du v\'e6lge \b Deaktiver\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
LED-oplysning\par
\par
Du kan bruge skyderen \b LED-oplysning\b0  til at justere lysstyrken p\'e5 LED'er i kontrollinjen.\par
\par
Flyt skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Lys\b0  for at \'f8ge lysstyrken.\par
\par
Flyt skyderen til venstre mod \b M\'f8rk\b0  for at reducere lysstyrken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Hastighed p\'e5 udtoning\par
\par
Du kan bruge skyderen \b Hastighed p\'e5 udtoning\b0  til at indstille, hvor hurtigt LED'er p\'e5 kontrollinjen tones ud, efter at du har r\'f8rt ved kontrollinjen og l\'f8ftet din finger fra den.\par
\par
Flyt skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Langsom\b0  for at udtone langsomt.\par
\par
Flyt skyderen til venstre mod \b Hurtig\b0  for at udtone hurtigt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\par
\par
Med skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0  kan du justere, hvor meget fingertryk der skal bruges, inden kontrollinjen reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring.\par
\par
Hvis kontrollinjen ikke reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring, eller du skal trykke for h\'e5rdt for at aktivere den, kan du \'f8ge f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til venstre mod \b Let\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du p\'e5 den anden m\'e5de betjener kontrollinjen med et let tryk, kan du reducere f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Kraftig\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Lydeffekter\par
\par
Angiv en lydfil eller gennemse og v\'e6lg en lydfil for at tildele en lydeffekt til en bestemt handling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volume\par
\par
Skyderen \b Volume\b0  er en let m\'e5de at kontrollere volumen p\'e5 lydeffekterne.\par
\par
Flyt skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b H\'f8j\b0  for at \'f8ge volumen.\par
\par
Flyt skyderen til venstre mod \b Stille\b0  for at reducere volumen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Applikationer\par
\par
Hvis du vil tildele en knap til at starte en applikation, kan du angive en k\'f8rselsfil eller gennemse og v\'e6lge en applikation, som skal startes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b TouchPad -deaktiver zone\b0  kan du aktivere eller deaktivere TouchPad ved at r\'f8re ved hj\'f8rnet og holde din finger stille et kort \'f8jeblik.\par
Hvis TouchPad er aktiveret, kan du r\'f8re ved hj\'f8rnet for at deaktivere den. Hvis TouchPad er deaktiveret, kan du r\'f8re ved hj\'f8rnet for at aktivere den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Minimum Touch Time\b0  kan du \'e6ndre, hvor l\'e6nge du skal r\'f8re ved hj\'f8rnet, inden TouchPad aktiveres eller deaktiveres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Virtuel rulning er et innovativt alternativ til almindelige rullemetoder. Virtuel rulning h\'e5ndterer rullelinjerne automatisk, s\'e5 der ikke er behov for at flytte mark\'f8ren v\'e6k fra dit arbejde.\par
\par
Virtuel rulning fungerer sammen med de fleste rullevinduer, f.eks. tekstbehandlingsdokumenter, regneark og store digitale billeder. Det fungerer ogs\'e5 med andre rulleelementer, f.eks. fillister og skrifttypelister.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-rulning, en unik form for virtuel rulning giver dig mulighed for at rulle uafbrudt med en glat cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Rullehastigheden kontrolleres af hastigheden p\'e5 fingerbev\'e6gelsen. Foretag sm\'e5 hurtige cirkler for at rulle hurtigt. Foretag store cirkler, og bev\'e6g din finger langsomt for at rulle langsomt. Rulleretningen kan vendes om ved at \'e6ndre retning p\'e5 bev\'e6gelsen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruges lodret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
3.\tab Glid din finger op eller ned i den h\'f8jre side af TouchPad i den \'f8nskede rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruges ChiralMotion til lodret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0  og \b Aktiver ChiralMotion-rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
3.\tab Placer din finger p\'e5 TouchPad t\'e6t p\'e5 midten i h\'f8jre side.\par
4.\tab Glid din finger op eller ned i den \'f8nskede rulleretning, og foretag derefter en cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Din finger kan bev\'e6ge sig mod midten af TouchPad, mens der foretages en bev\'e6gelse med eller mod urets retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruges vandret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
3.\tab Glid din finger til venstre eller h\'f8jre langs den nederste kant p\'e5 TouchPad i den \'f8nskede rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruges ChiralMotion til vandret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0  og \b Aktiver ChiralMotion-rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
3.\tab Placer din finger p\'e5 TouchPad t\'e6t p\'e5 midten langs den nederste kant.\par
4.\tab Glid din finger op eller ned i den \'f8nskede rulleretning, og foretag derefter en cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Din finger kan bev\'e6ge sig mod midten af TouchPad, mens der foretages en bev\'e6gelse med eller mod urets retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis Virtual Scrolling ikke reagerer, skal du kontrollere, at det \'f8nskede afkrydsningsfelt for \b Aktiver rulning\b0  er markeret, og at der kan rulles i det vindue eller element, som du har klikket p\'e5.\tab Hvis du stadig har problemer, skal du kontrollere dine indstillinger til \b Scrolling Region (Rulleomr\'e5de)\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
Funktionen Momentum giver lette, hurtige trackball-lignende musebev\'e6gelser. Et hurtigt svirp med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPads overflade kan flytte mark\'f8ren p\'e5 tv\'e6rs af hele computersk\'e6rmen. Momentum reducerer gentagne bev\'e6gelse og tr\'e6thed, der skyldes at mark\'f8ren skal flyttes over lange distancer, samtidig med at den giver en let og naturlig f\'f8lelse, der svarer til brug af en trackball. Momentum er id\'e9el til RTS-spil (Real Time Strategy, FPS-spil (First Person Shooter) og RPG-spil (Role Playing Games).\par
\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Momentum\b0  for at bruge denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
Med skyderen \b Glideafstand\b0  kan du justere, hvor langt mark\'f8ren skal bev\'e6ge sig ved et svirp med din finger p\'e5 TouchPad. For at stoppe mark\'f8ren skal du s\'e6tte din finger p\'e5 TouchPad. Et enkelt slag p\'e5 TouchPad stopper ogs\'e5 mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver, at der springes tilbage fra sk\'e6rmkant\b0  for at holde mark\'f8ren indenfor computersk\'e6rmens kanter. Funktionen Aktiver, at der springes tilbage fra sk\'e6rmkant g\'f8r det let at f\'e5 adgang til menuindstillinger og kontroller, der er t\'e6t p\'e5 sk\'e6rmens kanter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Knibeh\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser giver adgang til zoomfunktioner i mange programmer. Du kan bruge knibeh\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser til at udf\'f8re de samme funktioner, som et rullehjul udf\'f8rer i Windows-standardprogrammer, der underst\'f8tter zoomfunktioner med CTRL-RULLEHJUL.\par
\par
For at udf\'f8re knibeh\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser skal du placere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPads overflade. Flyt dem t\'e6ttere sammen eller l\'e6ngere v\'e6k. For at zoome ind skal du placere dine fingre p\'e5 TouchPads overflade t\'e6t p\'e5 hinanden og derefter glide dem fra hinanden. For at zoome ud skal du begynde at placere dine fingre v\'e6k fra hinanden og derefter flytte dem t\'e6ttere sammen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
ChiralMotion-rulning med to fingre er et innovativt alternativ til almindelige rullemetoder. Du kan rulle opad eller nedad ved ganske enkelt at placere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad og foretage en cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Der er ikke behov for at beholde begge fingre p\'e5 TouchPad, n\'e5r rulning er startet. Rulning forts\'e6tter s\'e5 l\'e6nge, at der er en finger p\'e5 TouchPads overflade, som foretager en cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse.\par
\par
Fingerhastighed kontrollerer rullehastighed. Foretag sm\'e5 cirkler, og flyt din finger hurtigt for at rulle hurtigt. Foretag store cirkler, og flyt din finger langsomt for at rulle langsomt. Rulleretningen kan vendes om ved at \'e6ndre retning p\'e5 bev\'e6gelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
En \b avanceret h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse er\b0  en handling, som brugeren udf\'f8rer p\'e5 en Synaptics pegefeltsensor, og som v\'e6rtsenheden forst\'e5r som en instruks om at udf\'f8re en bestemt funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen \b Svip\b0  best\'e5r i at placere to fingre en smule adskilt fra hinanden p\'e5 pegefeltet og lade dem glide hen over pegefeltet i en lige, uafbrudt bev\'e6gelse og derefter samtidig l\'f8fte begge fingre fra pegefeltet. Den handling, som svipbev\'e6gelsen aktiverer, er programspecifik - i Internet Explorer svarer et venstresvip f.eks. til "Tilbage."\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen \b ChiralRotate\b0  roterer det markerede objekt i trin p\'e5 90 grader med uret eller mod uret. H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate fungerer kun i underst\'f8ttede programmer.\par
\par
Hvis du vil starte ChiralRotate, skal du placere \'e9n finger i den venstre lodrette zone p\'e5 pegefeltet og flytte fingeren i en cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse. I underst\'f8ttede programmer roteres det markerede objekt i trin p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Pinch\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver ChiralRotate\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver svip\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Hvis du vil have vist en demonstration af, hvordan h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Pinch bruges, skal du klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  under afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Pinch\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Hvis du vil have vist en demonstration af, hvordan h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate bruges, skal du klikke p\'e5 knappen Vis video under afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Hvis du vil have vist en demonstration af, hvordan svipbev\'e6gelsen bruges, skal du klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  under afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver svip\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstration af, hvordan h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Momentum bruges, skal du v\'e6lge knappen \b Vis video\b0  under afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Momentum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
Virtuel rulning er et innovativt alternativ til almindelige rullemetoder. Virtuel rulning h\'e5ndterer rullelinjerne automatisk, s\'e5 der ikke er behov for at flytte mark\'f8ren v\'e6k fra dit arbejde.\par
\par
Virtuel rulning fungerer sammen med de fleste rullevinduer, f.eks. tekstbehandlingsdokumenter, regneark og store digitale billeder. Det fungerer ogs\'e5 med andre rulleelementer, f.eks. fillister og skrifttypelister.\par
\par
Line\'e6r rulning, som er en type virtuel rulning, giver dig mulighed for at foretage almindelig rulning.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-rulning, en unik form for virtuel rulning giver dig mulighed for at rulle uafbrudt med en glat cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Rullehastigheden kontrolleres af hastigheden p\'e5 fingerbev\'e6gelsen. Foretag sm\'e5 hurtige cirkler for at rulle hurtigt. Foretag store cirkler, og bev\'e6g din finger langsomt for at rulle langsomt. Rulleretningen kan vendes om ved at \'e6ndre retning p\'e5 bev\'e6gelsen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruges line\'e6r lodret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 ikonet \b Virtuel rulning\b0 , eller dobbeltklik p\'e5 \b Virtuel rulning\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Lang rulning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik p\'e5 alternativknappen \b Line\'e6r rulning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
6.\tab Glid din finger op eller ned i den h\'f8jre side af TouchPad i den \'f8nskede rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruges ChiralMotion til lodret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 ikonet \b Virtuel rulning\b0 , eller dobbeltklik p\'e5 \b Virtuel rulning\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Lang rulning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik p\'e5 alternativknappen \b ChiralMotion-rulning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
6.\tab Placer din finger p\'e5 TouchPad t\'e6t p\'e5 midten i h\'f8jre side.\par
7.\tab Glid din finger op eller ned i den \'f8nskede rulleretning, og foretag derefter en cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Din finger kan bev\'e6ge sig mod midten af TouchPad, mens der foretages en bev\'e6gelse med eller mod urets retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruges line\'e6r vandret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 ikonet \b Virtuel rulning\b0 , eller dobbeltklik p\'e5 \b Virtuel rulning\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Lang rulning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik p\'e5 alternativknappen \b Line\'e6r rulning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
6.\tab Glid din finger til venstre eller h\'f8jre langs den nederste kant p\'e5 TouchPad i den \'f8nskede rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruges ChiralMotion til vandret rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klik p\'e5 ikonet \b Virtuel rulning\b0 , eller dobbeltklik p\'e5 \b Virtuel rulning\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg \b Lang rulning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik p\'e5 alternativknappen \b ChiralMotion-rulning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, du \'f8nsker at rulle.\par
6.\tab Placer din finger p\'e5 TouchPad t\'e6t p\'e5 midten langs den nederste kant.\par
7.\tab Glid din finger op eller ned i den \'f8nskede rulleretning, og foretag derefter en cirkul\'e6r bev\'e6gelse. Din finger kan bev\'e6ge sig mod midten af TouchPad, mens der foretages en bev\'e6gelse med eller mod urets retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis Virtual Scrolling ikke reagerer, skal du kontrollere, at det \'f8nskede afkrydsningsfelt for \b Aktiver rulning\b0  er markeret, og at der kan rulles i det vindue eller element, som du har klikket p\'e5.\tab Hvis du stadig har problemer, skal du kontrollere dine indstillinger til \b Scrolling Region (Rulleomr\'e5de)\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstration af, hvordan virtuel rulning bruges, skal du v\'e6lge knappen \b Vis video\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstration af, hvordan \b Svip\b0 -h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen bruges, skal du v\'e6lge knappen \b Vis video\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge lodrette sviph\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver lodret svip\b0 . Placer to fingre let adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad, og glid op eller ned. Derefter skal du l\'f8fte dem for at udf\'f8re en programspecifik funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruge vandrette sviph\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver vandret svip\b0 . Placer to fingre let adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad, og glid til h\'f8jre eller venstre. Derefter skal du l\'f8fte dem for at udf\'f8re en programspecifik funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  for at se, hvordan denne funktion bruges.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
Med vinduet \b Egenskaber\b0  kan du tilpasse indstillingerne for pegeenheden. Brug menutr\'e6et til venstre for at f\'e5 adgang til de funktioner, der kan tilpasses. De omfatter pege- og rullefunktioner med \'e9n finger samt flerfingerh\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser til manipulation af dokumenter, objekter og programmer.\par
\par
\b Brug af vinduet Egenskaber \b0\par
Klik p\'e5 en funktion i menutr\'e6et for at f\'e5 vist en side med indstillinger for funktionen. Nogle funktioner har flere sider med indstillinger. Klik p\'e5 + (plus-tegnet) ved siden af en funktion for at f\'e5 vist alle de tilknyttede sider. Indstillingerne vises i vinduet til h\'f8jre for menutr\'e6et. Oplysninger om disse indstillinger og vejledning i, hvordan du kan \'e6ndre dem, vises her i informationsfeltet. Du kan bruge rullepanelet til at f\'e5 vist indholdet i informationsfeltet.\par
\par
\b Knappen Standarder \b0\par
Knappen \b Standarder\b0  nulstiller alle indstillingerne p\'e5 den aktuelle side til deres fabriksv\'e6rdier.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK \b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b OK\b0  for at gemme dine \'e6ndringer og lukke vinduet Egenskaber.\par
\par
\b Knappen Annuller \b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Annuller\b0  for at lukke vinduet Egenskaber uden at gemme nogen \'e6ndringer. Der vendes tilbage til alle de tidligere indstillinger.\par
\par
\b Knappen Anvend \b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen \b Anvend\b0  for at gemme \'e6ndringerne, men lade vinduet Egenskaber forblive \'e5bent, s\'e5 du kan foretage flere \'e6ndringer.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Siden med indstillinger for \b Pegning\b0  giver dig mulighed for at angive, hvordan mark\'f8ren skal reagere p\'e5 dine pege- og markeringshandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Momentum\b0  for at aktivere denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Tvunget bev\'e6gelse\b0  giver dig mulighed for at gennemtvinge mark\'f8ren til udelukkende at bev\'e6ge sig vandret eller lodret p\'e5 sk\'e6rmen. Denne funktion er mest nyttig, n\'e5r du bruger et tegneprogram. Du aktiverer Tvunget bev\'e6gelse ved at trykke p\'e5 en angivet tast og holde den nede, mens du flytter mark\'f8ren. N\'e5r tasten trykkes ned, bestemmer mark\'f8rens startretning den tilladte bev\'e6gelsesretning, s\'e5 l\'e6nge din finger forbliver p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruges Tvunget bev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet Aktiver tvunget bev\'e6gelse for at aktivere valgmulighederne p\'e5 listen.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg en tast p\'e5 listen, som skal aktivere Tvunget bev\'e6gelse.\par
3.\tab Tryk p\'e5 den valgte tast og hold den nede, n\'e5r du vil begr\'e6nse mark\'f8rens bev\'e6gelse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Rulning \b0\par
Rulningsfunktionerne giver dig mulighed for at betjene det valgte vindues rullepaneler automatisk, s\'e5 du ikke beh\'f8ver at flytte mark\'f8ren v\'e6k fra dit arbejde. Rulningsfunktionerne fungerer med de fleste vinduer, der underst\'f8tter rulning, f.eks. dokumenter, regneark, store digitale billeder og andre elementer, der underst\'f8tter rulning (f.eks. fillister og skrifttypelister).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Omvendt rulning \b0\par
Funktionen \b Omvendt rulleretning\b0  giver dig mulighed for at \'e6ndre standardfunktionsm\'e5den ved rulning. Standardrulning flytter rullepanelet i fingerbev\'e6gelsens retning. Funktionen Omvendt rulleretning flytter dokumentet eller objektet i fingerbev\'e6gelsens retning.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet Aktiver omvendt rulleretning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
Skyderen \b Rullehastighed\b0  giver dig mulighed for at justere rullehastigheden. Tr\'e6k skyderen til h\'f8jre for at rulle hurtigere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
Funktion ChiralScrolling\'99 giver dig mulighed for at rulle kontinuert med \'e9n j\'e6vn, cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse. Rullehastigheden styres med fingerens hastighed.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver ChiralScrolling.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 \i m\'e5lzonen\i0 . Hvis du vil rulle op eller ned, er m\'e5lzonen h\'f8jre side af TouchPad. Hvis du vil rulle til venstre eller til h\'f8jre, er m\'e5lzonen venstre side af TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Bev\'e6g fingeren i den retning, som du vil rulle i, og begynd derefter at bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler med uret eller mod uret. N\'e5r ChiralScrolling er startet, kan din finger glide ethvert sted p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen, mens den udf\'f8rer en cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
BEM\'c6RK: Hvis du vil \'e6ndre rulleretningen, skal du blot skifte til den omvendte fingerbev\'e6gelsesretning. Du begynder s\'e5 at rulle i den modsatte retning.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Hvis du vil holde op med at rulle og vende tilbage til pegetilstand, skal du l\'f8fte fingeren fra TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Rulning med \'e9n finger \b0\par
Du kan rulle lodret og vandret.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, som du vil rulle i, og lad fingeren glide op eller ned langs h\'f8jre kant af TouchPad for at rulle lodret. Lad fingeren glide til venstre eller h\'f8jre langs den nederste kant af TouchPad for at rulle vandret.\par
\par
Hvis rulning ikke reagerer, skal du kontrollere, at det relevante afkrydsningsfelt er markeret, og at det vindue eller element, som du har klikket p\'e5, underst\'f8tter rulning. Hvis du stadig har problemer, skal du kontrollere dine indstillinger for \b Scrolling Region (Rulleomr\'e5de). \b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor repr\'e6senterer TouchPad-overfladen. Det skraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser rulleregionerne p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\par
N\'e5r du placerer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, vises der langs kanten af TouchPad-diagrammet pile, som viser fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i en aktiv rulningsregion p\'e5 TouchPad, skifter det tilsvarende rulleomr\'e5de i diagrammet til en massiv farve. Du kan g\'f8re rulleregionerne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter ved kanten af det skraverede omr\'e5de.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere rulning, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re rulleregionen st\'f8rre ved at flytte det skraverede omr\'e5des kanter indad. Hvis du synes, at det er for nemt at aktivere rulning, kan du pr\'f8ve at g\'f8re rulleregionen mindre.\par
\par
Hvis rulleregionerne er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, skal du kontrollere, at rullefunktionen er aktiveret.\par
\par
S\'e5dan aktiverer du rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b Rulning\b0  i menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab V\'e6lg den \'f8nskede rulningsmetode, og aktiver lodret eller vandret rulning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Aktiver vandret rulning \b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere vandret rulning i vinduer, der har vandrette rullepaneler. Lad fingeren glide til venstre eller h\'f8jre langs den nederste kant af TouchPad for at rulle vandret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lodret rulning \b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere lodret rulning. Lad fingeren glide op eller ned den h\'f8jre kant af TouchPad for at rulle lodret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Rulning med to fingre \b0\par
Funktionen Rulning med to fingre giver dig mulighed for at rulle lodret eller vandret og starte rulning fra ethvert sted p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen. Placer blot to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad, og lad dem derefter glide i den \'f8nskede retning. Du beh\'f8ver ikke at v\'e6re i en rulleregion for at rulle.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du Rulning med to fingre:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen. Fingrene skal v\'e6re en smule adskilt.\par
2.\tab Lad begge fingre glide i den \'f8nskede retning med en lige, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft begge fingre fra TouchPad-overfladen for at stoppe med at rulle.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Aktiver vandret rulning \b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere vandret rulning i vinduer, der har vandrette rullepaneler. Lad de to fingre glide til venstre eller h\'f8jre p\'e5 TouchPad for at rulle vandret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lodret rulning \b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere lodret rulning. Lad de to fingre glide op eller ned p\'e5 TouchPad for at rulle lodret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Frilb\b0  hj\'e6lper dig ved at g\'f8re det nemt at rulle gennem lange dokumenter. Med Frilb forts\'e6tter rulningen, efter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren fra TouchPad-overfladen. Hvis du vil bruge Frilb, skal du bev\'e6ge og derefter l\'f8fte fingeren i \'e9n j\'e6vn bev\'e6gelse. Hvis du vil stoppe Frilb-bev\'e6gelsen, skal du s\'e6tte fingeren tilbage p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Pinch-zoom \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Pinch-zoom giver adgang til zoomfunktioner i mange programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Pinch-zoom til at udf\'f8re de samme funktioner, som et rullehjul udf\'f8rer i Windows-standardprogrammer, der underst\'f8tter zoomfunktioner med CTRL-RULLEHJUL.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Pinch-zoom.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du en Pinch-zoom-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide yderligere fra hinanden for at zoome ind, eller lad fingrene glide t\'e6ttere p\'e5 hinanden for at zoome ud. Du f\'e5r den bedste zoomoplevelse ved at bruge fingerspidserne.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Rotation\b0  giver adgang til praktiske h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser til rotation af fotos og andre objekter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Tryk med tre fingre \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Tryk med tre fingre er en genvej til at starte et eller flere angivne programmer.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Tryk med tre fingre.\b0  Hvis du vil tilpasse de programmer, der startes, skal du klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du funktionen Tryk med tre fingre:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen. S\'f8rg for, at der er et lille mellemrum mellem fingrene.\par
2.\tab Hold fingrene i ro, indtil programmet eller programmerne begynder at starte.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene fra TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Svip med tre fingre \b0\par
\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med tre fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med tre fingre til at surfe p\'e5 internettet eller til at rulle gennem fotos i et fotofremviservindue. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med tre fingre til at starte eller afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Trefingersvip.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med tre fingre til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre en smule adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Svip med fingrene i en line\'e6r, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning, s\'e5 du bev\'e6ger dem fra den ene side af TouchPad til den modsatte side.\par
3.\tab En vandret bev\'e6gelse med fingrene, hvor du lader fingrene glide til h\'f8jre eller venstre, bladrer frem eller tilbage i et fotofremviser- eller internetbrowservindue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis du vil bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med tre fingre til diasshowtilstand, skal du lade fingrene glide lodret. Lad fingrene glide opad for at starte diasshowtilstand. Lad fingrene glide nedad for at afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b H\'e5ndflade-p\'e5-Touchpad \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen H\'e5ndflade-p\'e5-Touchpad giver dig mulighed for at rydde skrivebordet ved at minimere alle \'e5bne vinduer. Hvis du gentager denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse, gendannes vinduerne.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver H\'e5ndflade-p\'e5-Touchpad.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen H\'e5ndflade-p\'e5-Touchpad:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer din tommelfingers \i h\'e6l\i0  p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Hold h\'e5nden stille, indtil skrivebordsvinduerne er minimeret eller gendannet.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft h\'e5nden fra TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Tr\'e6ning i rulning \b0\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b\'d8velse\b0  for at k\'f8re selvstudiet i rulning. En enkel labyrint hj\'e6lper dig med at l\'e6re at bruge rulning.\par
\par
Unders\'f8g labyrinten, inden du begynder at finde start- og slutpunkterne. Du kan ikke se hele labyrinten, fordi den er st\'f8rre end det vindue, som den vises i. Rul for at flytte visningen af labyrinten i vinduet. Hold Ctrl-tasten nede, og brug rulning til at \'e6ndre labyrintens st\'f8rrelse.\par
\par
En gul prik i det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne af labyrinten markerer indgangen til labyrinten. En bl\'e5 prik p\'e5 h\'f8jre side af labyrinten markerer udgangen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan tr\'e6ner du rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik p\'e5 den r\'f8de firkant i den gule prik for at starte.\par
2.\tab Brug piletasterne, eller tryk p\'e5 TouchPad for at navigere gennem labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Brug den \'f8nskede rullemetode til at flytte visningen af labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Klik p\'e5 knappen Luk i rulningstr\'e6ningsvinduet, n\'e5r du er n\'e5et til den bl\'e5 prik i det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart M-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse \b0\par
Programmet HP MediaSmart kan startes ved at udf\'f8re en M-formet h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver HP MediaSmart M-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Tryk med to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen, og s\'e6t dem derefter ned igen med det samme.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide i et stort \i M\i0 -formet m\'f8nster.\par
3.\tab Programmet HP MediaSmart starter.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Funktionerne under \b Pegeudvidelser\b0  giver dig mulighed for at angive, hvordan mark\'f8ren skal reagere p\'e5 dine pegehandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Programh\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser kan bruges som genveje til ofte anvendte programmer eller funktioner. Computerens reaktion p\'e5 disse h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser kan v\'e6re programspecifikke.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
Funktionen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 er designet til at forenkle mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser over lange afstande. N\'e5r din finger n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad, forts\'e6tter mark\'f8ren med at bev\'e6ge sig i samme retning, indtil du l\'f8fter fingeren. V\'e6lg en af EdgeMotion-valgmulighederne.\par
\par
Rullefunktionerne underst\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion. Hvis du vil bruge EdgeMotion, mens du ruller, skal du markere \b Aktiver EdgeMotion, n\'e5r der rulles\b0  under \b Rulning med \'e9n finger\b0  eller \b Rulning med to fingre\b0  under \b Rulning\b0  i menutr\'e6et.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver EdgeMotion, n\'e5r der rulles,\b0  hvis du \'f8nsker, at rulningen skal forts\'e6tte, n\'e5r dine fingre n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Indstillingerne under \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  giver dig mulighed for at tilpasse den m\'e5de, hvorp\'e5 TouchPad reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Frilb\b0  hj\'e6lper dig ved at g\'f8re det nemt at rulle gennem lange dokumenter. Med Frilb forts\'e6tter rulningen, efter at du har l\'f8ftet fingrene fra TouchPad-overfladen. Hvis du vil bruge Frilb, skal du bev\'e6ge og l\'f8fte fingrene i \'e9n j\'e6vn bev\'e6gelse. Hvis du vil stoppe Frilb-bev\'e6gelsen, skal du s\'e6tte fingrene tilbage p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Rotation \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Rotation giver dig mulighed for at rotere objekter som f.eks. et foto, en PDF-fil eller at andet valgt objekt i trin p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver rotation.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du en Rotation-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger i nederste venstre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, og hold den i ro.\par
2.\tab Placer en anden finger midt p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Lad den anden finger glide i en cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse omkring den f\'f8rste finger. S\'f8rg for, at afstanden mellem de to fingre forbliver den samme, mens du udf\'f8rer cirkelbev\'e6gelsen. Glid med eller mod uret for at rotere det valgte objekt i den \'f8nskede retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b H\'f8jre hj\'f8rne-rotation \b0\par
Hvis du vil bruge funktionen Rotation i det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b H\'f8jre hj\'f8rne-rotation.\b0  Det kan v\'e6re mere bekvemt at bruge h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, hvis du udf\'f8rer denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse med venstre h\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate\'99 roterer det valgte objekt i trin p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet Aktiver ChiralRotate. Bem\'e6rk, at h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate kun fungerer med underst\'f8ttede programmer.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 den venstre \ldblquote m\'e5lzone\rdblquote  p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Lad fingeren glide ned eller op, og start en cirkelbev\'e6gelse. Hvis du vil rotere objektet i urets retning, skal du bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler med uret. Hvis du vil rotere objektet mod urets retning, skal du bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler mod uret.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren fra TouchPad-overfladen for at vende tilbage til pegetilstand.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 TouchPad fra \b0\par
\par
Hvis du ikke vil bruge TouchPad, kan du sl\'e5 den fra. Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, hold fingeren i ro et \'f8jeblik. TouchPad sl\'e5s fra. TouchPad-ikonet p\'e5 proceslinjen \'e6ndres for at angive, at TouchPad ikke kan bruges.\par
\par
Hvis du vil sl\'e5 TouchPad til igen, skal du r\'f8re det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne igen. Ikonet p\'e5 proceslinjen vender tilbage til den aktiverede tilstand.\par
\par
Hvis du vil angive, hvor l\'e6nge TouchPad skal forblive sl\'e5et fra, skal du v\'e6lge den \'f8nskede indstilling.\par
\par
Indstillingen \b Sl\'e5 TouchPad fra\b0  lader TouchPad v\'e6re sl\'e5et fra, indtil du sl\'e5r den til igen ved at r\'f8re det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
\b Indstillingen Sl\'e5 TouchPad fra i \'e9n session\b0  sl\'e5r TouchPad fra i \'e9n logonsession. TouchPad er automatisk klar til brug igen, n\'e6ste gang du logger p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Svip med to fingre \b0\par
\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at surfe p\'e5 internettet eller til at rulle gennem fotos i et fotofremviservindue. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at starte eller afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Svip med to fingre.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer to fingre en smule adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Svip med fingrene i en line\'e6r, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning, s\'e5 du bev\'e6ger dem fra den ene side af TouchPad til den modsatte side.\par
3.\tab En vandret bev\'e6gelse med fingrene, hvor du lader fingrene glide til h\'f8jre eller venstre, bladrer frem eller tilbage i et fotofremviser- eller internetbrowservindue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis du vil bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til diasshowtilstand, skal du lade fingrene glide lodret. Lad fingrene glide opad for at starte diasshowtilstand. Lad fingrene glide nedad for at afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Svip med to fingre \b0\par
\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at surfe p\'e5 internettet eller til at rulle gennem fotos i et fotofremviservindue.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver vandret Svip med to fingre.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer to fingre en smule adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Svip med fingrene lodret i en lige, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning, s\'e5 du bev\'e6ger dem fra den ene side af TouchPad til den modsatte side.\par
3.\tab Lad fingrene glide til h\'f8jre eller venstre for at bladre frem eller tilbage i et fotofremviser- eller internetbrowservindue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Svip med to fingre \b0\par
\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at starte eller afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Svip med to fingre.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med to fingre til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer to fingre en smule adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide lodret i en lige, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning.\par
3.\tab Lad fingrene glide opad for at starte diasshowtilstand eller nedad for at afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Vandret svip med tre fingre \b0\par
\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Vandret svip med tre fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Vandret svip med tre fingre til at surfe p\'e5 internettet eller til at rulle gennem fotos i et fotofremviservindue.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Vandret svip med tre fingre\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Vandret svip med tre fingre til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre en smule adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Svip med fingrene lodret i en lige, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning, s\'e5 du bev\'e6ger dem fra den ene side af TouchPad til den modsatte side.\par
3.\tab Lad fingrene glide til h\'f8jre eller venstre for at bladre frem eller tilbage i et fotofremviser- eller internetbrowservindue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Lodret svip med tre fingre \b0\par
\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Lodret svip med tre fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Lodret svip med tre fingre til at starte eller afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Lodret svip med tre fingre\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Lodret svip med tre fingre til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre en smule adskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide lodret i en lige, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning.\par
3.\tab Lad fingrene glide opad for at starte diasshowtilstand eller nedad for at afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Cirkul\'e6r rulning \b0\par
Funktion ChiralScrolling giver dig mulighed for at rulle kontinuert med \'e9n j\'e6vn, cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse. Rullehastigheden styres med fingerens hastighed.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Cirkul\'e6r rulning\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du Cirkul\'e6r rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 \i m\'e5lzonen\i0 . Hvis du vil rulle op eller ned, er m\'e5lzonen langs TouchPads h\'f8jre kant. Hvis du vil rulle til venstre eller til h\'f8jre, er m\'e5lzonen langs TouchPads nedre kant.\par
2.\tab Bev\'e6g fingeren i den retning, som du vil rulle i, og begynd derefter at bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler med uret eller mod uret. N\'e5r Cirkul\'e6r rulning er startet, kan din finger glide ethvert sted p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen, mens den udf\'f8rer en cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
BEM\'c6RK: Hvis du vil \'e6ndre rulleretningen, skal du blot skifte til den omvendte fingerbev\'e6gelsesretning. Du begynder s\'e5 at rulle i den modsatte retning.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Hvis du vil holde op med at rulle og vende tilbage til pegetilstand, skal du l\'f8fte fingeren fra TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Automatisk rulning\b0  g\'f8r det nemt at rulle gennem lange dokumenter med et enkelt str\'f8g med fingeren. Rulningen forts\'e6tter, efter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren fra TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du Automatisk rulning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, som du vil rulle i.\par
2.\tab Lad \'e9n finger glide langs TouchPads rulleregion i den retning, som du vil rulle i. Hvis du vil rulle op eller ned, er rulleregionen den h\'f8jre kant. Hvis du vil rulle til venstre eller h\'f8jre, er rulleregionen den nedre kant.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis Automatisk rulning ikke reagerer, skal du kontrollere indstillingerne for \b Rulleregion\b0 . Hvis du stadig har problemer med at bruge Automatisk rulning, skal du kontrollere, at det er muligt at rulle i det vindue eller element, som du har klikket p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Rotation\b0  giver adgang til praktiske h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser til rotation af fotos og andre objekter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Favoritter \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Favoritter er en genvej til at starte et eller flere angivne programmer.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Favoritter\b0 . Hvis du vil tilpasse de programmer, der startes, skal du klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen. S\'f8rg for, at der er et lille mellemrum mellem fingrene.\par
2.\tab Hold fingrene i ro, indtil programmet eller programmerne begynder at starte.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene fra TouchPad-overfladen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Svip\b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip til at surfe p\'e5 internettet eller til at rulle gennem fotos i et fotofremviservindue. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip til at starte eller afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Svip\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip til at navigere:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen. S\'f8rg for, at der er et lille mellemrum mellem fingrene\par
2.\tab Svip med fingrene i en line\'e6r, sammenh\'e6ngende bev\'e6gelse i den \'f8nskede retning, s\'e5 du bev\'e6ger dem fra den ene side af TouchPad til den modsatte side.\par
3.\tab En vandret bev\'e6gelse med fingrene, hvor du lader fingrene glide til h\'f8jre eller venstre, bladrer frem eller tilbage i et fotofremviser- eller internetbrowservindue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip til diasshowtilstand:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Lad fingrene glide opad for at starte diasshowtilstand.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide nedad for at afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Start \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Start giver dig mulighed for at rydde skrivebordet ved at minimere alle \'e5bne vinduer. Hvis du gentager denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse, gendannes vinduerne.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Start\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Start:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer din tommelfingers \i h\'e6l \i0 p\'e5 TouchPad-overfladen.\par
2.\tab Hold h\'e5nden stille, indtil skrivebordsvinduerne er minimeret eller gendannet.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft h\'e5nden fra TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoomzone \b0\par
Med funktionen Zoomzone kan du bruge venstre side af Touchpad til at zoome ind eller ud p\'e5 elementet i det aktive vindue. Funktionen Zoomzone udf\'f8rer de samme zoomfunktioner som et rullehjul i Windows-standardprogrammer, der underst\'f8tter CTRL-RULLEHJUL.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver Zoomzone\b0 .\par
\par
\b S\'e5dan zoomer du ind:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer en finger p\'e5 Touchpad i n\'e6rheden af det nederste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
2.\tab Lad fingeren glide opad mod det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
3.\tab Gentag, indtil det \'f8nskede forst\'f8rrelsesniveau er n\'e5et.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b S\'e5dan zoomer du ud:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer en finger p\'e5 Touchpad i n\'e6rheden af det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
2.\tab Lad fingeren glide nedad mod det nederste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
3.\tab Gentag, indtil det \'f8nskede forst\'f8rrelsesniveau er n\'e5et.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
Funktionen \b TouchCheck\b0  beskytter mod aktivering af TouchPad ved utilsigtet kontakt med den. TouchCheck g\'f8r TouchPad i stand til at registrere, n\'e5r din h\'e5ndflade hviler p\'e5 den eller strejfer dens overflade, mens du skriver. Dette bidrager til at forhindre u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad giver anledning til u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik, skal du \'f8ge TouchCheck-indstillingen ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Maksimum\b0 . Hvis TouchPad ikke registrerer tilsigtede bev\'e6gelser eller slag, skal du reducere TouchCheck-indstillingen ved at flytte skyderen til venstre mod \b Minimum\b0 . Der er st\'f8rre sandsynlighed for, at bev\'e6gelser eller slag ikke registreres, hvis skyderen er i den r\'f8de zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Rotation \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Rotation giver dig mulighed for at rotere objekter som f.eks. et foto, en PDF-fil eller at andet valgt objekt i trin p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver rotation\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du en Rotation-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger i nederste venstre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, og hold den i ro.\par
2.\tab Placer en anden finger midt p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Lad den anden finger glide i en cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse omkring den f\'f8rste finger. S\'f8rg for, at afstanden mellem de to fingre forbliver den samme, mens du udf\'f8rer cirkelbev\'e6gelsen. Glid med eller mod uret for at rotere det valgte objekt i den \'f8nskede retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b H\'f8jre hj\'f8rne-rotation\b0\par
Hvis du vil bruge funktionen Rotation i det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b H\'f8jre hj\'f8rne-rotation\b0 . Det kan v\'e6re mere bekvemt at bruge h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad, hvis du udf\'f8rer denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse med venstre h\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoomhastighed\b0\par
Skyderen Zoomhastighed styrer, hvor hurtigt vinduet zoomer som reaktion p\'e5 din fingers bev\'e6gelse i zoomomr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du vil zoome langsommere, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Langsom\b0 .\par
Hvis du vil zoome hurtigere, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Hurtig\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZones har samme funktion som fysiske knapper. Der er to ClickZones langs den nederste kant p\'e5 ClickPad. Et tryk p\'e5 en ClickZone svarer til at klikke p\'e5 en venstre- eller h\'f8jreknap. Hvis du vil bruge ClickZones, skal du v\'e6lge indstillingen \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, skal du aktivere \b Slag\b0  eller bruge en ekstern mus til at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r eller sekund\'e6r knap.\par
\par
Den venstre ClickZone udf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklik. Den h\'f8jre ClickZone udf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklik. Hvis du vil \'e6ndre disse indstillinger, skal du v\'e6lge \b Venstreklik\b0 eller \b H\'f8jreklik\b0  og konfigurere dem som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZones har samme funktion som fysiske knapper. Der er tre ClickZones langs den nederste kant p\'e5 ClickPad: venstre, midte og h\'f8jre. Et tryk p\'e5 en ClickZone har samme funktion som et klik p\'e5 en knap. Hvis du vil bruge ClickZones, skal du v\'e6lge indstillingen \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, skal du aktivere \b Slag\b0  eller bruge en ekstern mus til at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r eller sekund\'e6r knap.\par
\par
Den venstre ClickZone udf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklik. Den h\'f8jre ClickZone udf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklik. Den midterste ClickZone har samme funktion som en midterknap. Hvis du vil \'e6ndre disse indstillinger, skal du v\'e6lge \b Venstreklik\b0 , \b Midterklik\b0 eller \b H\'f8jreklik\b0  og konfigurere dem som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
P\'e5 listen kan du v\'e6lge en handling, som skal tildeles den venstre ClickZone.\par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
P\'e5 listen kan du v\'e6lge en handling, som skal tildeles den midterste ClickZone.\par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
P\'e5 listen kan du v\'e6lge en handling, som skal tildeles den h\'f8jre ClickZone.\par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZones har samme funktion som fysiske knapper. Der er to ClickZones langs den nederste kant p\'e5 ClickPad. Et tryk p\'e5 en ClickZone svarer til at klikke p\'e5 en venstre- eller h\'f8jreknap. Hvis du vil bruge ClickZones, skal du v\'e6lge indstillingen \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, kan du aktivere de fysiske knapper til at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt eller sekund\'e6rt klik. Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones eller de fysiske knapper, skal du aktivere \b Slagzoner\b0  (i menutr\'e6et \b Slag\b0 ) eller bruge en ekstern mus til at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt eller sekund\'e6rt klik.\par
\par
Den venstre ClickZone og den venstre fysiske knap udf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklik. Den h\'f8jre ClickZone og den h\'f8jre fysiske knap udf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklik. Hvis du vil \'e6ndre disse indstillinger, skal du v\'e6lge \b Venstreklik\b0 eller \b H\'f8jreklik\b0  og konfigurere dem som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  for at se, hvordan ClickZones bruges.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZones har samme funktion som fysiske knapper. Der er tre ClickZones langs den nederste kant p\'e5 ClickPad: venstre, midte og h\'f8jre. Et tryk p\'e5 en ClickZone har samme funktion som et klik p\'e5 den venstre, midterste eller h\'f8jre knap. Hvis du vil bruge ClickZones, skal du v\'e6lge indstillingen \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, kan du aktivere de fysiske knapper til at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt eller sekund\'e6rt klik. Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones eller de fysiske knapper, skal du aktivere \b Slagzoner\b0 (i menutr\'e6et \b Slag\b0 ) eller bruge en ekstern mus til at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r eller sekund\'e6r knap.\par
\par
Den venstre ClickZone og den venstre knap udf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklik. Den h\'f8jre ClickZone og den h\'f8jre knap udf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklik. Hvis du vil \'e6ndre disse indstillinger, skal du v\'e6lge \b Venstreklik\b0 eller \b H\'f8jreklik\b0  og konfigurere dem som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
P\'e5 listen kan du v\'e6lge en handling, som skal tildeles den venstre ClickZone. Den indstilling, som du v\'e6lger for den venstre ClickZone, tildeles automatisk til den venstre knap. Hvis du for eksempel hvis bytte om p\'e5 handlingerne for venstre og h\'f8jre ClickZones, kan du v\'e6lge \b Andet klik\b0 . Husk at \'e6ndre handlingen for den h\'f8jre ClickZone for at g\'f8re den til et \b F\'f8rste klik\b0  og f\'e6rdigg\'f8re \'e6ndringen.\par
\par
Mange handlinger kr\'e6ver ikke yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen Konfigurer, eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  for at se, hvordan en venstre ClickZone bruges.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
P\'e5 listen kan du v\'e6lge en handling, som skal tildeles den midterste ClickZone. Den indstilling, som du v\'e6lger for den midterste ClickZone, tildeles automatisk til den midterste fysiske knap (hvis en s\'e5dan findes). Hvis du for eksempel v\'e6lger \b Hop til knappen Start\b0 , vil et klik p\'e5 den midterste knap f\'e5 mark\'f8ren til at hoppe til knappen \b Start\b0  p\'e5 proceslinjen i Windows og \'e5bne \b menuen Start\b0 automatisk.\par
\par
Mange handlinger kr\'e6ver ikke yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen Vis video for at se, hvordan den midterste ClickZone bruges.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
P\'e5 listen kan du v\'e6lge en handling, som skal tildeles den h\'f8jre ClickZone. Den indstilling, som du v\'e6lger for den h\'f8jre ClickZone, tildeles automatisk til den h\'f8jre fysiske knap. Hvis du for eksempel hvis bytte om p\'e5 handlingerne for venstre og h\'f8jre ClickZones, kan du v\'e6lge \b F\'f8rste klik\b0 . Husk at \'e6ndre handlingen for den venstre ClickZone for at g\'f8re den til et \b Andet klik\b0  og f\'e6rdigg\'f8re \'e6ndringen.\par
\par
Mange handlinger kr\'e6ver ikke yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en konfigurationsdialogboks. Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  for at se, hvordan en h\'f8jre ClickZone bruges.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
Funktionen ClickButtons forvandler hele ClickPad-overfladen til \'e9n stor "virtuel" knap. Du kan trykke ethvert sted p\'e5 ClickPad for at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r, sekund\'e6r eller midterste knap. V\'e6lg indstillingen \b Aktiver ClickButtons\b0  for at bruge denne funktion.\par
\par
Tryk med \'e9n finger for at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik. Tryk med to fingre for at udf\'f8re et sekund\'e6rt klik. Tryk med tre fingre for at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 den midterste knap. Hvis du vil \'e6ndre disse indstillinger, skal du v\'e6lge \b Klik med \'e9n finger\b0 , \b Klik med to fingre\b0 eller \b Klik med tre fingre\b0 og konfigurere dem som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickButtons, skal du aktivere \b Slag\b0  eller bruge en ekstern mus til at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r, sekund\'e6r eller midterste knap.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Hvis du vil udf\'f8re et klik med \'e9n finger, skal du trykke med \'e9n finger p\'e5 ClickPad-overfladen, indtil du m\'e6rker, at den synker. Som standard svarer et klik med \'e9n finger til at klikke p\'e5 en prim\'e6r knap. \par
\par
Hvis du vil \'e6ndre standardindstillingen, skal du v\'e6lge en valgmulighed p\'e5 listen. \par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks. \par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Hvis du vil udf\'f8re et klik med to fingre, skal du trykke med to fingre p\'e5 ClickPad-overfladen, indtil du m\'e6rker, at synker. Som standard svarer et klik med to fingre til at klikke p\'e5 en sekund\'e6r knap. \par
\par
Hvis du vil \'e6ndre standardindstillingen, skal du v\'e6lge en valgmulighed p\'e5 listen. \par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks. \par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Hvis du vil udf\'f8re et klik med tre fingre, skal du trykke med tre fingre p\'e5 ClickPad-overfladen, indtil du m\'e6rker, at den synker. Som standard svarer et klik med tre fingre til at klikke p\'e5 den midterste knap. \par
\par
Hvis du vil \'e6ndre standardindstillingen, skal du v\'e6lge en valgmulighed p\'e5 listen. \par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks. \par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
Funktionen ClickButtons forvandler hele ClickPad-overfladen til \'e9n stor "virtuel" knap. Du kan trykke ethvert sted for at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r, sekund\'e6r eller midterste knap. V\'e6lg indstillingen \b Aktiver ClickButtons\b0  for at bruge denne funktion.\par
\par
Tryk med \'e9n finger for at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik. Tryk med to fingre for at udf\'f8re et sekund\'e6rt klik. Tryk med tre fingre for at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 den midterste knap. Hvis du vil \'e6ndre disse indstillinger, skal du v\'e6lge \b Klik med \'e9n finger\b0 , \b Klik med to fingre\b0 eller \b Klik med tre fingre\b0 og konfigurere dem som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickButtons, kan du aktivere de fysiske knapper til at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt eller sekund\'e6rt klik. Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickButtons eller de fysiske knapper, skal du aktivere \b Slagzoner\b0  (i menutr\'e6et \b Slag\b0 ) eller bruge en ekstern mus til at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 den prim\'e6re, sekund\'e6re eller midterste knap.\par
\par
Hvis du vil \'e6ndre knapindstillingerne, skal du v\'e6lge \b Fysiske knapper\b0  i menutr\'e6et og derefter konfigurere \b Venstreklik\b0  og \b H\'f8jreklikke\b0  som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  for at se, hvordan ClickButtons bruges.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen TwistRotate giver dig mulighed for at rotere elementer som f.eks. fotos, PDF-filer og andre elementer. Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver TwistRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\b S\'e5dan udf\'f8res h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen TwistRotate: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Marker det objekt, som du vil rotere.\par
2.\tab Placer to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad. Der skal v\'e6re et lille mellemrum mellem dine fingre.\par
3.\tab Lad fingrene glide med eller mod urets retning. Bev\'e6gelsen minder om at dreje en knap.\par
4.\tab Gentag rotationsbev\'e6gelsen efter behov.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
Funktionen Klik-og-tr\'e6k giver dig mulighed for at bruge ClickZones til at flytte ting.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Brug mark\'f8ren til at fremh\'e6ve det element, som du vil flytte.\par
2.\tab Tryk ned p\'e5 den ClickZone, der udf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rt klik. Som standard er dette den venstre ClickZone.\par
3.\tab Hold ClickZone nede, mens du bruger en anden finger til at tr\'e6kke det valgte element til den \'f8nskede placering.\par
4.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren fra ClickZone, n\'e5r du vil slippe det element, som du tr\'e6kker.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis du har problemer med at udf\'f8re en Klik-og-tr\'e6k-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse, skal du kontrollere, at ClickZones er aktiveret, og at du trykker p\'e5 den ClickZone, der er konfigureret til at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik.\par
\par
V\'e6lg \b Knapper og ClickZones\b0  i menutr\'e6et for at v\'e6lge ClickZone-indstillinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Du kan klikke-og-tr\'e6kke med \'e9n finger for at flytte et valgt element. Du kan klikke-og-tr\'e6kke med to fingre for at udf\'f8re det, der svarer til klik-og-tr\'e6k p\'e5 den h\'f8jre fysiske knap.\par
\par
\b S\'e5dan udf\'f8res h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Klik-og-tr\'e6k med \'e9n finger:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Brug mark\'f8ren til at fremh\'e6ve det element, som du vil flytte.\par
2.\tab Tryk med \'e9n finger p\'e5 ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Hold ClickPad trykket ned, mens du tr\'e6kker det valgte element til den \'f8nskede placering.\par
4.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren fra ClickPad, n\'e5r du vil slippe elementet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\b S\'e5dan udf\'f8res h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Klik-og-tr\'e6k med to fingre:\b0\par
1.\tab Brug mark\'f8ren til at fremh\'e6ve det element, som du vil flytte. \par
2.\tab Tryk med to fingre p\'e5 ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Hold ClickPad trykket ned, mens du tr\'e6kker det valgte element til den \'f8nskede placering.\par
4.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene fra ClickPad, n\'e5r du vil slippe elementet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed \b0  giver dig mulighed for at justere, hvor meget fingertryk der skal bruges, f\'f8r Scroll Pad reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis Scroll Pad reagerer p\'e5 en forkert m\'e5de, eller hvis du arbejder p\'e5 et sted med h\'f8j luftfugtighed, kan du reducere f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Kraftig ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du skal trykke for h\'e5rdt for at betjene Scroll Pad, kan du \'f8ge f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til venstre mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Indstillingerne under \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  giver dig mulighed for at tilpasse den m\'e5de, hvorp\'e5 Scroll Pad reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring. Hvis du vil justere f\'f8lsomhedsindstillingerne, skal du v\'e6lge et element i menutr\'e6et \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
Funktionen \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 beskytter mod aktivering af Scroll Pad ved utilsigtet kontakt med den. PalmCheck g\'f8r Scroll Pad i stand til at registrere, n\'e5r din h\'e5ndflade hviler p\'e5 den eller strejfer dens overflade, mens du bruger tastaturet. Dette bidrager til at forhindre u\'f8nsket rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
Afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver knap\b0  aktiverer knappen for denne enhed. Hvis du vil konfigurere den handling, der udf\'f8res, n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 knappen, skal du v\'e6lge knappens navn i menutr\'e6et.\par
\par
N\'e5r \b Aktiver knap\b0  ikke er valgt, er knappen deaktiveret, og det har ikke har nogen virkning at trykke p\'e5 den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
V\'e6lg p\'e5 listen ovenfor en handling, som skal tildeles den valgte knap. Den valgte handling udf\'f8res, hver gang du trykker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
Bem\'e6rk, at knappen skal v\'e6re aktiveret, for at du kan tildele en handling til den. Hvis du vil aktivere knappen, skal du udf\'f8re f\'f8lgende trin:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e6lg \b Knap\b0  i menutr\'e6et til venstre.\par
2.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver knap\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e6lg knappen i menutr\'e6et \b Knap\b0  for at g\'e5 tilbage til denne side.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Disse indstillinger giver dig mulighed for at angive, hvilket vindue eller element, der rulles i, n\'e5r du bruger rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Nogle programmer giver dig mulighed for at angive rotationsgraden. Den indstilling, som du v\'e6lger i feltet \b Aktiver rotationsgrad\b0 , anvendes, hvis programmet underst\'f8tter den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen \b Vis video\b0  for at se, hvordan du udf\'f8rer denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
N\'e5r indstillingen Aktiver kantslagfiltrering er valgt, ignorere utilsigtede slag med fingrene langs TouchPad'ens kanter.\par
\par
Kantregionen angives af det skraverede omr\'e5de, som er vist ovenfor. Du kan justere kantregionens st\'f8rrelse ved at tr\'e6kke de sorte st\'f8rrelsestilpasningsh\'e5ndtag. Bem\'e6rk, at mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser, omr\'e5devalg, rulleregion og h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsesinput ikke p\'e5virkes af denne indstilling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
Funktionen Startzone bidrager til at minimere utilsigtet mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse og omr\'e5demarkering.\par
\par
N\'e5r denne indstilling er valgt, skal din finger til at begynde med r\'f8re TouchPad i Startzonen, for at der finder mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse eller omr\'e5demarkering sted. Hvis du fors\'f8ger at udf\'f8re mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelse eller omr\'e5demarkering, og den f\'f8rste kontakt finder sted uden for startzonen, ignoreres kontakten. S\'e5 l\'e6nge mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelsen eller omr\'e5demarkeringen starter inde fra startzonen, vil omr\'e5der af TouchPad, der er uden for startzonen, fungere normalt, indtil startzonen nulstilles. Ved at justere skyderen ovenfor, kan du angive, hvor hurtigt startzonen nulstilles, n\'e5r der ikke sker nogen kontakt p\'e5 TouchPad. Slag, rulleregioner og h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser p\'e5virkes ikke af startzoneindstillingen.\par
\par
Du f\'e5r de bedste resultater ved at aktivere funktionen PalmCheck sammen med denne funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Skyderen \b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed \b0  giver dig mulighed for at justere, hvor meget fingertryk der skal bruges, f\'f8r Scroll Sensor reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis Scroll Sensor reagerer p\'e5 en forkert m\'e5de, eller hvis du arbejder p\'e5 et sted med h\'f8j luftfugtighed, kan du reducere f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til h\'f8jre mod \b Kraftig ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du skal trykke for h\'e5rdt for at betjene Scroll Sensor, kan du \'f8ge f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen til venstre mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Indstillingerne under \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0  giver dig mulighed for at tilpasse den m\'e5de, hvorp\'e5 Scroll Sensor reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring. Hvis du vil justere f\'f8lsomhedsindstillingerne, skal du v\'e6lge et element i menutr\'e6et \b F\'f8lsomhed\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
N\'e5r dobbeltslag med to fingre er aktiveret, kan du sl\'e5 samtidig med to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad for at starte det program, du v\'e6lger. (S\'f8rg for, at der er et lille mellemrum mellem fingrene). Klik p\'e5 Konfigurer for at v\'e6lge, hvilket program denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse skal starte.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
Startzonen angives af det skraverede omr\'e5de, som er vist ovenfor. Du kan justere startzonens st\'f8rrelse ved at tr\'e6kke de sorte st\'f8rrelsestilpasningsh\'e5ndtag. \par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Hvad er en ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
En Synaptics ClickPad\'99 minder om en Synaptics TouchPad\'99. En ClickPad kan bruges til at rulle, pege og v\'e6lge ligesom en TouchPad.\par
\par
En ClickPad synker imidlertid ned, n\'e5r der trykkes p\'e5 den. N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en ClickPad, f\'f8les det omtrent samme m\'e5de, som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en fysisk knap. Dette g\'f8r ClickPad til et praktisk alternativ til fysiske knapper eller en mus.\par
\par
Din ClickPad har en af f\'f8lgende funktioner eller begge to:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx180\par
V\'e6lg funktionen i menutr\'e6et til venstre for at f\'e5 flere oplysninger om den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Forst\'f8rrelsestilstand\b0\par
N\'e5r forst\'f8rrelsesindstillingen er aktiveret, kan mark\'f8ren forvandles til et forst\'f8rrelsesglas og bruges til at forst\'f8rre enhver del af sk\'e6rmen. Indtast forst\'f8rrerens st\'f8rrelse (mellem 100 og 400 pixel i hver retning) og standardzoomniveauet.\par
\par
\b S\'e5dan aktiveres og bruges forst\'f8rrelsestilstand:\b0\par
Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 TouchPad, og dobbeltsl\'e5 med en anden finger. Der vises et rektangel (forst\'f8rrer).\par
\par
I forst\'f8rrelsestilstand skal du flytte forst\'f8rreren p\'e5 samme m\'e5de, som du ville flytte en mark\'f8r, for at skifte position. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen pinch-zoom til at \'f8ge eller reducere forst\'f8rrelsesgraden.\par
\par
\b S\'e5dan afsluttes forst\'f8rrelsestilstand:\b0\par
Klik p\'e5 den venstre museknap, tryk p\'e5 TouchPad, eller tryk p\'e5 Esc p\'e5 tastaturet for at vende tilbage til den normale mark\'f8rtilstand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Enkelt slag med to fingre\b0\par
Ved at aktivere enkelt slag med to fingre, kan du konfigurere TouchPad til at fungere som en knap, n\'e5r der sl\'e5s p\'e5 den med to fingre. V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen for at tildele den til enkelt slag med to fingre, og konfigurer den efter behov.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Lodrette slag med tre fingre\b0\par
Lodret slag med tre fingre giver adgang til genveje til Denne computer og skift mellem programmer. Hvis du vil aktivere slag op med tre fingre, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \ldblquote Denne computer\rdblquote . Hvis du vil aktivere slag ned med tre fingre, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet \ldblquote Skift mellem vinduer\rdblquote . \par
\par
\b Slag med tre fingre op:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre (en smule adskilt) ved TouchPad'ens nederste kant.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide mod TouchPad'ens \'f8verste kant.\par
3.\tab Vinduet Denne Computer \'e5bnes.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Slag med tre fingre ned:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer tre fingre (en smule adskilt) ved TouchPad'ens \'f8verste kant.\par
2.\tab Lad fingrene glide ned mod TouchPad'ens nederste kant.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene fra TouchPad.\par
4.\tab Skift mellem programmer starter.\par
5.\tab Brug Vandret slag med tre fingre til venstre eller til h\'f8jre for at skifte mellem programmerne.\par
6.\tab N\'e5r det \'f8nskede program er fremh\'e6vet, skal du l\'f8fte alle fingrene fra TouchPad for at skifte til programmet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
Funktionen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 er designet til at forenkle mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser over lange afstande. N\'e5r din finger n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad, forts\'e6tter mark\'f8ren med at bev\'e6ge sig i samme retning, indtil du l\'f8fter fingeren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere EdgeMotion, skal du kontrollere, at slag er aktiveret, og derefter v\'e6lge de \'f8nskede indstillinger for EdgeMotion. \par
\par
Rullefunktionerne underst\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion. Hvis du vil bruge EdgeMotion under rulning, skal du v\'e6lge de \'f8nskede indstillinger for rulning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
Funktionen \b TouchPad - deaktiver zone\b0  giver dig mulighed for at aktivere eller deaktivere TouchPad med et dobbeltslag p\'e5 TouchPad'ens hj\'f8rnezone.\par
Hvis TouchPad er aktiveret, skal du bruge et dobbeltslag p\'e5 hj\'f8rnet for at deaktivere den. Hvis TouchPad er deaktiveret, skal du bruge et dobbeltslag p\'e5 hj\'f8rnet for at aktivere den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Hvis du markerer dette felt, aktiveres dobbeltslag til aktivering af denne funktion. Hvis du fjerner markering fra dette felt, deaktiveres dobbeltslag til deaktivering af funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere lodret og vandret rulning.\par
Lad fingeren glide op eller ned p\'e5 Touchpad for at flytte det valgte element eller vindue lodret.\par
Lad fingeren glide til venstre eller h\'f8jre p\'e5 Touchpad for at flytte det valgte element eller vindue vandret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere lodret og vandret rulning.\par
Lad to fingre glide op eller ned p\'e5 Touchpad for at flytte det valgte element eller vindue lodret.\par
Lad to fingre glide til venstre eller h\'f8jre p\'e5 Touchpad for at flytte det valgte element eller vindue vandret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
N\'e5r dobbeltslag med to fingre er aktiveret, kan du sl\'e5 samtidig med to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad\'99 for at starte det program, du v\'e6lger. (S\'f8rg for, at der er et lille mellemrum mellem fingrene). Klik p\'e5 Konfigurer for at v\'e6lge, hvilket program denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse skal starte.\par
\par
S\'e5dan aktiverer du dobbeltslag med to fingre:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'f8rg for, at \b Aktiver slag\b0  er valgt p\'e5 siden \b Slag\b0.\par
2.\tab Marker afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver dobbeltslag med to fingre\b0  ovenfor.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 fra\b0\par
Hvis du ikke vil bruge TouchPad\'99, kan du sl\'e5 den fra. Dobbeltsl\'e5 i \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad\'99. TouchPad\'99-ikonet p\'e5 proceslinjen \'e6ndres for at angive, at TouchPad\'99 ikke kan bruges.\par
Hvis du vil sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 til igen, skal du dobbeltsl\'e5 i \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne igen. Ikonet p\'e5 proceslinjen vender tilbage til den aktiverede tilstand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
Indstillingen \b Sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 fra \b0 lader TouchPad\'99 v\'e6re sl\'e5et fra, indtil du sl\'e5r den til igen ved at dobbeltsl\'e5 i \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
Valgmuligheden \b Sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 fra i \'e9n session\b0  sl\'e5r TouchPad\'99 fra i resten af den aktuelle session. TouchPad\'99 er automatisk klar til brug igen, n\'e6ste gang du logger p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b F\'f8lsomhed\b0\par
Indstillingerne under F\'f8lsomhed giver dig mulighed for at tilpasse den m\'e5de, hvorp\'e5 Scroll Sensor reagerer p\'e5 din ber\'f8ring.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Rullefunktionerne underst\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion\'99. Hvis du vil bruge EdgeMotion\'99, mens du ruller, skal du markere \b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99, n\'e5r der rulles\b0  under \b Rulning med \'e9n finger\b0  eller \b Rulning med to fingre\b0  under \b Rulning\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
N\'e5r dette filter er aktiveret, hj\'e6lper det med at forudsige, hvorn\'e5r du bevidst bruger \'e9n finger-rulleregionen. Hvis du bem\'e6rker, at du utilsigtet aktiverer rulning, kan du aktivere dette filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
N\'e5r dette filter er aktiveret, hj\'e6lper det med at forudsige, hvorn\'e5r du bevidst bruger h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelserne Pinch-zoom, Rulning med to fingre, Roter og Program.\par
\par
Det omr\'e5de af TouchPad\'99, hvor der kan bruges h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser, kan kendes p\'e5 det skraverede omr\'e5de, der er vist ovenfor. Du kan justere dette omr\'e5des st\'f8rrelse ved at tr\'e6kke de sorte st\'f8rrelsestilpasningsh\'e5ndtag.\par
\par
Hvis den f\'f8rste kontakt sker uden for det skraverede omr\'e5de, ignoreres h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen. Hvis du utilsigtet aktiverer Pinch-zoom, Rulning med to fingre eller Roter, kan du aktivere dette filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser med flere fingre\b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser med flere fingre kan bruges som genveje til ofte anvendte programmer eller funktioner. Computerens reaktion p\'e5 disse h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser kan v\'e6re programspecifikke. Klik p\'e5 Hj\'e6lp til de enkelte h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser for at finde ud af, hvad de g\'f8r.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Rulning med to fingre\b0\par
Funktionen Rulning med to fingre giver dig mulighed for at rulle lodret eller vandret fra ethvert sted p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen. Placer to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, og lad dem derefter glide i den \'f8nskede retning. Du beh\'f8ver ikke at v\'e6re i en rulleregion for at rulle.\par
\par
Se videoen for at l\'e6re at bruge Rulning med to fingre. S\'f8rg for, at fingrene er placeret en smule fra hinanden. L\'f8ft begge fingre fra TouchPad\'99 for at stoppe med at rulle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lodret rulning\b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere lodret rulning. Lad de to fingre glide op eller ned p\'e5 TouchPad\'99 for at rulle lodret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Aktiver vandret rulning\b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at aktivere virtuel rulning i vinduer, der har vandrette rullepaneler. Lad fingeren glide frem og tilbage langs den nederste kant af TouchPad\'99 for at rulle vandret i det valgte vindue eller element.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99, n\'e5r der rulles\b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt, hvis rulningen skal forts\'e6tte, n\'e5r dine fingre n\'e5r til kanten af TouchPad\'99. Hvis du vil stoppe rulningen, skal du l\'f8fte fingrene fra TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Aktiver coasting\b0\par
Coasting hj\'e6lper dig med at rulle nemt gennem lange dokumenter. Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt, hvis rulningen skal forts\'e6tte, efter at du har l\'f8ftet fingrene fra TouchPad\'99-overfladen. Hvis du vil bruge Coasting, skal du bev\'e6ge og l\'f8fte fingrene i \'e9n j\'e6vn bev\'e6gelse. Hvis du vil stoppe Coasting-bev\'e6gelsen, skal du s\'e6tte fingrene tilbage p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Tr\'e6n\b0\par
Klik p\'e5 knappen Tr\'e6n for at gennemf\'f8re en simpel labyrint og p\'e5 den m\'e5de l\'e6re at bruge rulning.\par
\par
Inden du starter, skal du finde labyrintens start- og slutpunkter. Du kan ikke se hele labyrinten med det samme, fordi den er st\'f8rre end det vindue, som den vises i. Rul for at flytte visningen af labyrinten i vinduet. Hold Ctrl-tasten nede, og brug rulning til at \'e6ndre labyrintens st\'f8rrelse.\par
\par
En gul prik i det \'f8verste venstre hj\'f8rne af labyrinten markerer indgangen. En bl\'e5 prik p\'e5 h\'f8jre side af labyrinten markerer udgangen.\par
\par
S\'e5dan tr\'e6ner du rulning:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik p\'e5 den r\'f8de firkant i den gule prik.\par
2.\tab Brug piletasterne, eller tryk p\'e5 TouchPad\'99 for at navigere gennem labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Brug den \'f8nskede rullemetode til at flytte visningen af labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Luk rulletr\'e6ningsvinduet, n\'e5r du n\'e5r til den bl\'e5 prik til h\'f8jre.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Pinch-zoom\b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Pinch-zoom giver adgang til zoomfunktioner i mange programmer. Du kan bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Pinch-zoom til at udf\'f8re de samme funktioner, som et rullehjul udf\'f8rer i Windows-standardprogrammer, der underst\'f8tter zoomfunktioner med Ctrl-rullehjul.\par
\par
Marker afkrydsningsfeltet Pinch-zoom for at aktivere pinch-h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen til zooming. Se videoen for at l\'e6re at udf\'f8re h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen. Bruge fingerspidserne for at opn\'e5 de bedste resultater.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoomhastighed\b0\par
Skyderen Zoomhastighed styrer, hvor hurtigt vinduet zoomer som reaktion p\'e5 h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Pinch-zoom.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Hvis du vil zoome med en lavere hastighed, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Langsomt\b0.\par
Hvis du vil zoome med en h\'f8jere hastighed, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Hurtigt\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rotation\b0\par
N\'e5r dette felt er markeret, kan du rotere et objekt som f.eks. et foto i trin p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Se videoen for at l\'e6re at udf\'f8re denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse. S\'f8rg for, at afstanden mellem de to fingre forbliver den samme, mens du udf\'f8rer h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b H\'f8jre hj\'f8rne-rotation\b0\par
Hvis du vil bruge funktionen Rotation i det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne af TouchPad\'99, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet H\'f8jre hj\'f8rne-rotation. Dette kan v\'e6re mere komfortabelt, n\'e5r du udf\'f8rer h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Rotation med venstre h\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Aktiver ChiralRotate\b0\'99\par
Marker dette felt for at bruge h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate\'99 til at rotere objekter i trin p\'e5 90 grader. Bem\'e6rk, at h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate\'99 kun fungerer med underst\'f8ttede programmer.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen ChiralRotate\'99:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 den venstre m\'e5lzone (nederst) p\'e5 TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Lad fingeren glide ned eller op, og start en cirkelbev\'e6gelse. Hvis du vil rotere objektet i urets retning, skal du bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler med uret. Hvis du vil rotere objektet mod urets retning, skal du bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler mod uret.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren fra TouchPad\'99-overfladen for at vende tilbage til pegetilstand.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Tryk med tre fingre\b0\par
N\'e5r dette felt er markeret, starter et tryk med tre fingre et angivet program. Hvis du vil tilpasse det/de program(mer), der starter, skal du klikke p\'e5 indstillingsknappen.\par
\par
Se videoen for at l\'e6re at udf\'f8re et tryk med tre fingre. S\'f8rg for, at der er et lille mellemrum mellem dine fingre, n\'e5r du udf\'f8rer denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0\par
Skyderen Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed giver dig mulighed for at styre, hvor meget fingertryk der kr\'e6ves for at flytte mark\'f8ren med en bestemt hastighed. Hvis du oplever forkerte mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser, kan du pr\'f8ve at flytte skyderen i retning mod \b Kraftig ber\'f8ring\b0 . Hvis trykket ikke registreres, skal du flytte skyderen i retning mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Rulning\b0\par
Du kan bruge rullefunktionerne til at betjene et vindues rullepaneler uden at flytte mark\'f8ren v\'e6k fra dit arbejde. Rullefunktionerne fungerer med de fleste rulbare vinduer som f.eks. dokumenter, regneark og store digitale billeder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Aktiver omvendt rulleretning\b0\par
Denne funktion giver dig mulighed for at \'e6ndre standardrullefunktionen. Standardrulning flytter rullepanelet i fingerbev\'e6gelsens retning. N\'e5r rulleretningen vendes om, flyttes dokumentet eller objektet i fingerbev\'e6gelsens retning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Aktiver ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
Denne funktion giver dig mulighed for at rulle kontinuert med \'e9n j\'e6vn, cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse. Rullehastigheden styres med fingerens hastighed. Hvis du vil aktivere denne funktion, skal du markere afkrydsningsfeltet Aktiver ChiralScrolling.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer \'e9n finger p\'e5 m\'e5lzonen. Hvis du vil rulle op eller ned, er m\'e5lzonen h\'f8jre side af TouchPad\'99. Hvis du vil rulle til venstre eller til h\'f8jre, er m\'e5lzonen venstre side af TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Bev\'e6g fingeren i den retning, som du vil rulle i, og begynd derefter at bev\'e6ge fingeren i cirkler med uret eller mod uret. N\'e5r ChiralScrolling er startet, kan din finger glide ethvert sted p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen, mens den udf\'f8rer en cirkelformet bev\'e6gelse. Bem\'e6rk: Hvis du vil \'e6ndre rulleretningen, skal du blot skifte til den omvendte fingerbev\'e6gelsesretning. Du begynder s\'e5 at rulle i den modsatte retning.\par
3.\tab Hvis du vil holde op med at rulle og vende tilbage til pegetilstand, skal du l\'f8fte fingeren fra TouchPad\'99-overfladen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99, n\'e5r der rulles\b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt, hvis rulningen skal forts\'e6tte, n\'e5r din finger n\'e5r til kanten af TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Rulleregion\b0\par
Rulleregiondiagrammet repr\'e6senterer overfladen af TouchPad\'99. Det skraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser rulleregionerne p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen.\par
\par
N\'e5r du placerer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, vises der langs kanten af TouchPad\'99-diagrammet pile, som viser fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i en aktiv rulningsregion p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, skifter det tilsvarende rulleomr\'e5de i diagrammet til en massiv farve.\par
\par
Du kan g\'f8re rulleregionerne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter ved kanten af det skraverede omr\'e5de. Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere rulning, kan du g\'f8re rulleregionen st\'f8rre ved at flytte det skraverede omr\'e5des kanter indad. Hvis du synes, at det er for nemt at aktivere rulning, kan du g\'f8re rulleregionen mindre.\par
\par
Hvis rulleregionerne er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, skal du kontrollere, at lodret og vandret rulning er aktiveret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Rotation\b0\par
Funktionen Rotation giver adgang til praktiske h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelser til rotation af fotos og andre objekter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
Funktionen PalmCheck\'99 beskytter mod aktivering af TouchPad\'99 ved utilsigtet kontakt. PalmCheck\'99 g\'f8r TouchPad\'99 i stand til at registrere, n\'e5r din h\'e5ndflade hviler p\'e5 den eller strejfer dens overflade, mens du skriver, og ignorere denne ber\'f8ring. Dette bidrager til at forhindre u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\'99-f\'f8lsomhed\b0\par
PalmCheck\'99-f\'f8lsomheden kan justeres, s\'e5 den passer til dine skrive- og pegevaner.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad\'99 giver anledning til u\'f8nskede mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser eller klik, skal du \'f8ge PalmCheck\'99-indstillingen ved at flytte skyderen opad mod \b Maksimum\b0.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad\'99 ikke registrerer tilsigtede bev\'e6gelser eller slag, skal du reducere PalmCheck\'99-indstillingen ved at flytte skyderen mod \b Minimum\b0 . Der er st\'f8rre sandsynlighed for, at bev\'e6gelser eller slag ikke registreres, hvis skyderen er i den r\'f8de zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
Funktionen Momentum giver en j\'e6vn, hurtig musebev\'e6gelse, der minder om en trackball. \'c9t hurtigt svip med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen kan flytte mark\'f8ren over hele computersk\'e6rmen. Momentum reducerer den gentagne bev\'e6gelse og tr\'e6thed, som er forbundet med at flytte mark\'f8ren lange afstande, samtidig med at den f\'f8les j\'e6vn og naturlig p\'e5 en m\'e5de, der minder om en trackball. Momentum er ideelt til realtidsstrategispil (RTS), f\'f8rstepersonskydespil (FPS) og rollespil (RPG).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Glideafstand\b0\par
Du kan bruge skyderen Glideafstand til at justere, hvor langt mark\'f8ren bev\'e6ger sig som reaktion p\'e5 et svip med en finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99. Hvis du vil stoppe mark\'f8ren, skal du sl\'e5 \'e9n gang eller placere fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil \'f8ge glideafstanden, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Lang\b0 . Hvis du vil g\'f8re den mindre, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Kort\b0.\par
\par
\b Aktiver, at der springes tilbage fra sk\'e6rmkant\b0\par
Marker dette afkrydsningsfelt for at holde mark\'f8ren inden for computersk\'e6rmens gr\'e6nser. Tilbagespring fra sk\'e6rmkanten g\'f8r det nemt at f\'e5 adgang til menupunkter og kontrolelementer, der er t\'e6t p\'e5 sk\'e6rmens kanter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
Funktionen EdgeMotion\'99 er designet til at forenkle mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelser over lange afstande. N\'e5r din finger n\'e5r kanten af TouchPad\'99, forts\'e6tter mark\'f8ren med at bev\'e6ge sig i samme retning, indtil du l\'f8fter fingeren.\par
\par
Rullefunktionerne underst\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion\'99. Hvis du vil bruge EdgeMotion\'99, mens du ruller, skal du markere \b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99, n\'e5r der rulles\b0  under \b Rulning\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99-region\b0\par
EdgeMotion\'99-regiondiagrammet i indstillingsvinduet repr\'e6senterer overfladen af TouchPad\'99. Det skraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser EdgeMotion\'99-regionerne p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen.\par
\par
N\'e5r du placerer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, vises der langs kanten af EdgeMotion\'99-regiondiagrammet pile, som viser fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i en aktiv EdgeMotion\'99-region p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, skifter det tilsvarende EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5de i diagrammet til en massiv farve.\par
\par
Du kan g\'f8re EdgeMotion\'99-regionerne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter ved kanten af det skraverede omr\'e5de. Hvis du har problemer med at aktivere EdgeMotion\'99, kan du g\'f8re EdgeMotion\'99-regionen st\'f8rre ved at flytte det skraverede omr\'e5des kanter indad. Hvis EdgeMotion\'99 aktiveres for nemt, kan du g\'f8re EdgeMotion\'99-regionen mindre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Styr hastigheden med fingertryk\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er valgt, bestemmes EdgeMotion\'99-hastigheden af, hvor h\'e5rdt du trykker med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99. Hvis du trykker h\'e5rdere, \'f8ges rullehastigheden.\par
\par
\b Fast hastighed\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er valgt, bev\'e6ger mark\'f8ren sig altid med en konstant, angivet hastighed, n\'e5r fingeren er i EdgeMotion\'99-regionen.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Tilg\'e6ngelighed\b0\par
Du kan bruge funktionen Tilg\'e6ngelighed til at angive, hvordan mark\'f8ren skal reagere p\'e5 dine pegehandlinger, herunder at holde mark\'f8ren i et vindue, reducere bev\'e6gelseshastigheden eller begr\'e6nse mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelsens retning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Aktiver faste kanter\b0\par
Denne valgmulighed begr\'e6nser mark\'f8ren til det aktive vindue. N\'e5r du fors\'f8ger at flytte mark\'f8ren uden for vinduet for f\'f8rste gang, stopper den ved kanten. Hvis du fors\'f8ger en gang til, kan mark\'f8ren forlade vinduet.\par
\par
N\'e5r mark\'f8ren stopper ved vinduets kanter, er det nemt at f\'e5 adgang til kontrolelementer, der er placeret omkring et vindues kanter. Hvis du for eksempel vil lukke et vindue eller tilpasse dets st\'f8rrelse, kan du hurtigt flytte mark\'f8ren i luk-feltets eller vindueskantens generelle retning, og mark\'f8ren vil s\'e5 stoppe pr\'e6cis ved kanten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Aktiver langsom bev\'e6gelse\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er aktiveret, kan du reducere mark\'f8rens hastighed for at forbedre pegepr\'e6cisionen og foretage n\'f8jagtige placeringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Aktiver tvunget bev\'e6gelse\b0\par
Denne funktion giver dig mulighed for at tvinge mark\'f8ren til udelukkende at bev\'e6ge sig vandret eller lodret p\'e5 sk\'e6rmen. Denne funktion er mest nyttig, n\'e5r du bruger et tegneprogram.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Slag\b0\par
N\'e5r dette afkrydsningsfelt er markeret, udf\'f8rer et slag den venstre museknaps handlinger. Hvis du fjerner markeringen fra dette afkrydsningsfelt, kan du kun klikke med TouchPad\'99-knapperne.\par
\par
At sl\'e5 vil sige hurtigt at r\'f8re og derefter l\'f8fte fingeren fra TouchPad\'99-overfladen. Et let, hurtigt slag virker bedst. Meget h\'e5rde eller langsomme slag er mindre effektive. Sl\'e5 \'e9n gang for et enkeltklik eller to gange hurtigt efter hinanden for et dobbeltklik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b L\'e5ser tr\'e6k\b0\par
N\'e5r denne funktion er valgt, kan objekter tr\'e6kkes lange afstande hen over sk\'e6rmen ved hj\'e6lp af en r\'e6kke fingerstr\'f8g. N\'e5r L\'e5ser tr\'e6k er valgt, varer en tr\'e6khandling ved, efter at du l\'f8fter fingeren fra TouchPad\'99. Sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad\'99 igen for at slippe objektet og afslutte tr\'e6kket.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Aktiver slagzoner\b0\par
N\'e5r dette afkrydsningsfeltet er markeret, kan du tildele en bestemt handling eller genvej til hvert hj\'f8rne af TouchPad\'99. Hvis du sl\'e5r i en af slagzonerne, udf\'f8res den angivne handling, hvilket normalt sparer tid og klik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Konfigurer\b0\par
V\'e6lg en handling p\'e5 listen for at tildele den til en slagzone. Mange handlinger kr\'e6ver ikke yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, vil knappen Konfigurer imidlertid v\'e6re aktiveret. Klik p\'e5 knappen Konfigurer til enhver tid for at f\'e5 vist eller \'e6ndre konfigurationen af handlingen.\par
Der kan tildeles en r\'e6kke forskellige handlinger til slagzoner. Der kan v\'e6re flere handlinger tilg\'e6ngelige, hvis du har TouchPad\'99-pluginsoftware fra en tredjepartsvirksomhed installeret. Hvis valgmulighederne p\'e5 listen er nedtonet og ikke kan v\'e6lges, skal du kontrollere, at afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzoner\b0  er markeret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Knapper\b0\par
Som standard fungerer knapperne som museknapper for denne pegeenhed. Hvis dette felt ikke er markeret, er knapperne deaktiveret, og det har ingen virkning at trykke p\'e5 dem. Du kan kun klikke med pegeenheden ved at bruge slag.\par
\par
Du kan ogs\'e5 angive en anden handling, der skal udf\'f8res, n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en knap. For eksempel kan du definere den h\'f8jre knap som "g\'e5 til en webside i min standardbrowser". Hver gang du klikker p\'e5 den h\'f8jre knap p\'e5 pegeenheden, \'e5bner og indl\'e6ser din webbrowser automatisk den angivne side.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Knaphandling\b0\par
V\'e6lg en handling i rullemenuen for at tildele den til den \'f8nskede knap. Den valgte handling udf\'f8res, hver gang du trykker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Brug af vinduet Egenskaber\b0\par
Med vinduet Egenskaber kan du tilpasse indstillingerne for pegeenheden. Brug menutr\'e6et til at f\'e5 adgang til de funktioner, der kan tilpasses. Klik p\'e5 pilen ud for en funktion, eller dobbeltklik p\'e5 den for at se valgmulighederne.\par
\par
\b Aktivering og deaktivering af funktioner\b0\par
Marker feltet for at aktivere en funktion, eller fjern markeringen fra det for at deaktivere funktionen.\par
\par
\b Indstillinger\b0\par
Hvis den valgte funktion viser et indstillingsikon, der fremh\'e6ves, n\'e5r du holder mark\'f8ren over det, kan du klikke p\'e5 det eller dobbeltklikke p\'e5 funktionens navn for at konfigurere dens indstillinger. Hvis du ikke kan klikke p\'e5 et indstillingsikon, skal du kontrollere, at funktionens afkrydsningsfelt og eventuelle overordnede afkrydsningsfelter er markeret.\par
\par
\b Hj\'e6lp\b0\par
Du kan klikke p\'e5 sp\'f8rgsm\'e5lstegnikonet og Hj\'e6lp-knappen for at f\'e5 vist Hj\'e6lp-oplysninger.\par
\par
\b Luk-knappen\b0\par
Luk-knappen i indstillingsvinduet bruges til at lukke vinduet. \'c6ndringerne bliver f\'f8rst permanente, n\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 \b Anvend\b0  eller \b OK\b0  i vinduet Egenskaber.\par
\par
\b Knappen Standarder\b0\par
Knappen Standarder i vinduet Egenskaber bruges til at gendanne alle TouchPad\'99-indstillinger til de fabriksindstillede v\'e6rdier.\par
\par
Knappen Standarder i et indstillingsvindue nulstiller alle indstillingerne i det aktuelle vindue til de fabriksindstillede v\'e6rdier. \'c6ndringerne bliver f\'f8rst permanente, n\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 \b Anvend\b0  eller \b OK\b0  i vinduet Egenskaber.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen OK for at gemme dine \'e6ndringer og lukke vinduet Egenskaber.\par
\par
\b Knappen Annuller\b0\par
Knappen Annuller bruges til at lukke vinduet Egenskaber uden at gennem nogen \'e6ndringer.\par
\par
\b Knappen Anvend\b0\par
V\'e6lg knappen Anvend for at gemme \'e6ndringerne, men lade vinduet Egenskaber forblive \'e5bent, s\'e5 du kan foretage flere \'e6ndringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Rullehastighed\b0\par
Skyderen Rullehastighed giver dig mulighed for at justere rullehastigheden. Tr\'e6k skyderen til h\'f8jre for at rulle hurtigere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Pegning\b0\par
Siderne med indstillinger for pegning giver dig mulighed for at angive, hvordan mark\'f8ren skal reagere p\'e5 dine pege- og markeringshandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0\par
Skyderen Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed giver dig mulighed for at justere, hvor meget fingertryk der skal bruges, f\'f8r TouchPad\'99 reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis mark\'f8ren bev\'e6ger sig eller klikker p\'e5 en forkert m\'e5de, eller hvis du arbejder p\'e5 et sted med h\'f8j luftfugtighed, kan du reducere f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen mod \b Kraftig ber\'f8ring\b0.\par
\par
Hvis du skal trykke for h\'e5rdt for at betjene TouchPad\'99, eller hvis TouchPad\'99 ikke altid reagerer p\'e5 dine slag, kan du \'f8ge f\'f8lsomheden ved at flytte skyderen mod \b Let ber\'f8ring\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Slagzoner\b0\par
Slagzonediagrammet repr\'e6senterer overfladen af TouchPad\'99. Det skraverede omr\'e5de i diagrammet viser de aktive slagzoneregioner p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overfladen. N\'e5r du placerer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, vises der langs kanten af TouchPad\'99-diagrammet pile, som viser fingerens position. Hvis din finger er i en aktiv slagzoneregion p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, skifter det tilsvarende slagzoneomr\'e5de i diagrammet til en massiv farve.\par
\par
Du kan g\'f8re slagzoneregionerne st\'f8rre eller mindre ved at tr\'e6kke en af de sm\'e5 sorte firkanter i hj\'f8rnerne af de skraverede omr\'e5der. Hvis du har vanskeligt ved at aktivere en slagzonehandling, skal du g\'f8re slagzoneregionen st\'f8rre. Hvis en slagzonehandling aktiveres for nemt, skal du g\'f8re slagzoneregionen mindre.\par
\par
Hvis slagzonerne er nedtonet og ikke kan justeres, skal du kontrollere, at afkrydsningsfeltet \b Aktiver slagzoner\b0  er markeret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Tryk for at v\'e6lge\b0\par
Du kan bruge funktionen Tryk for at v\'e6lge til at bruge slag- og trykbev\'e6gelser til at udf\'f8re museklik.\par
\par
Slag eller tryk p\'e5 spidsen af pegepinden svarer til at klikke p\'e5 den venstre museknap. Det kan imidlertid v\'e6re hurtigere og mere bekvemt at sl\'e5 eller trykke end at bruge museknappen.\par
\par
At sl\'e5 vil sige hurtigt at r\'f8re og derefter flytte fingeren fra toppen af pegepinden. Et let, hurtigt slag virker bedst. Meget h\'e5rde eller langsomme slag er mindre effektive. Sl\'e5 \'e9n gang for et enkeltklik eller to gange hurtigt efter hinanden for et dobbeltklik.\par
\par
At trykke betyder hurtigt at trykke ned p\'e5 toppen af pegepinden med fingeren. Et let, tilsigtet tryk virker bedst. Tryk lige ned for at simulere at klikke p\'e5 museknappen og holde den nede. Tryk lige ned og derefter til siden for at klikke og tr\'e6kke i en vilk\'e5rlig retning. Fjern trykket, n\'e5r du vil frig\'f8re museknappen.\par
\par
De fysiske knapper kan ogs\'e5 bruges til at klikke. Hvis du fjerner markeringen fra dette afkrydsningsfelt, kan du kun klikke med de fysiske knapper.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Tryk for kun at markere\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er valgt, vil et tryk p\'e5 pegepindens spids markere objektet - det hverken \'e5bnes eller flyttes.\par
\par
\b Tryk for at markere og tr\'e6kke\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er valgt, vil et tryk p\'e5 pegepindens spids markere objektet og bevare det markeret, s\'e5 du kan flytte det med pegepinden. Det svarer til at trykke p\'e5 den venstre museknap og holde den nede.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Tryk for at markere betyder Prim\'e6rt klik\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er valgt, vil et tryk p\'e5 pegepinden udf\'f8re den samme handling som et prim\'e6rt museklik.\par
\par
\b Tryk for at markere betyder Sekund\'e6rt klik\b0\par
N\'e5r denne valgmulighed er valgt, vil et tryk p\'e5 pegepinden udf\'f8re den samme handling som et sekund\'e6rt museklik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Hastighed\b0\par
Skyderen Hastighed bruges til at justere, hvor hurtigt du skal trykke p\'e5 pegepinden, for at det anses for et Tryk for at markere. Justere hastighedsskyderen, indtil dine tryk nemt registreres. Hvis der ikke finder nogen tryk sted, skal du flytte den i retning mod \b Hurtigt\b0 . Hvis der finder for mange tryk sted, skal du flytte den i retning mod \b Langsomt\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhed\b0\par
F\'f8lsomhedsindstillingerne giver dig mulighed for at styre, hvor meget tryk du skal bruge p\'e5 pegepinden for at flytte mark\'f8ren med en bestemt hastighed.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Svip med tre fingre\b0\par
H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Svip med tre fingre udvider navigationsmulighederne for en lang r\'e6kke programmer. Du kan bruge Svip med tre fingre til at surfe p\'e5 internettet eller til at rulle gemmen fotografier i et fotofremviservindue. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruge Svip med tre fingre til at starte eller afslutte diasshowtilstand fra fotofremviseren. Marker dette felt for at aktivere brug af Svip med tre fingre til navigation og diasshow.\par
\par
Se videoen for at l\'e6re at udf\'f8re et svip med tre fingre. S\'f8rg for, at dine fingre er en smule adskilt, n\'e5r du udf\'f8rer denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Vandret svip med tre fingre\par
Lad fingrene glide til h\'f8jre eller venstre for at bladre frem eller tilbage i et fotofremviser- eller internetbrowservindue.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Lodret svip med tre fingre\par
Lad fingrene glide opad for at starte diasshowtilstand. Lad fingrene glide nedad for at afslutte diasshowtilstand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Brug skyderen til at justere hastigheden for EdgeMotion\'99. Hvis du vil \'f8ge hastigheden, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Hurtig\b0 . Hvis du vil g\'f8re den mindre, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Langsom\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
N\'e5r Langsom bev\'e6gelse er aktiveret, kan du p\'e5 listen v\'e6lge en tast, som vil aktivere den. Hvis du vil bruge Langsom bev\'e6gelse, skal du trykke p\'e5 den angivne tast og holde den nede, mens du flytter mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
N\'e5r tvunget bev\'e6gelse er aktiveret, kan du p\'e5 listen v\'e6lge en tast, som vil aktivere den. Hvis du vil bruge tvunget bev\'e6gelse, skal du trykke p\'e5 den angivne tast og holde den nede, mens du flytter mark\'f8ren. Mark\'f8rbev\'e6gelsens startretning bestemmer den tilladte bev\'e6gelsesretning, s\'e5 l\'e6nge din finger forbliver p\'e5 TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b H\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Skjul\b0\par
Denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse rydder dit skrivebord ved at minimere alle \'e5bne vinduer. Hvis du gentager denne h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelse, gendannes vinduerne.\par
\par
S\'e5dan bruger du h\'e5ndbev\'e6gelsen Skjul:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placer fire fingre fladt p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, s\'e5 det meste af den er d\'e6kket.\par
2.\tab Hold fingrene stille, indtil vinduerne er blevet minimeret eller gendannet.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene fra TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Smart Check-indstillinger kan bidrage til at reducere u\'f8nsket TouchPad\'99-opf\'f8rsel. Klik p\'e5 en funktion for at f\'e5 flere oplysninger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
Du kan trykke ethvert sted p\'e5 ClickPad for at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 en prim\'e6r, sekund\'e6r eller midterste knap.\par
\par
Som standard skal du trykke med \'e9n finger for at udf\'f8re et prim\'e6rt klik. Tryk med to fingre for at udf\'f8re et sekund\'e6rt klik. Tryk med tre fingre for at udf\'f8re et klik p\'e5 den midterste knap. V\'e6lg \b Klik med to fingre \b0 og \b Klik med tre fingre\b0  for at konfigurere dem p\'e5 den \'f8nskede m\'e5de.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Hvis du vil udf\'f8re et klik med \'e9n finger, skal du trykke med \'e9n finger p\'e5 ClickPad-overfladen, indtil du m\'e6rker, at den synker. Et klik med \'e9n finger svarer til at klikke p\'e5 en prim\'e6r (venstre) museknap.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
Som standard udf\'f8rer et klik med \'e9n finger i det nederste h\'f8jre hj\'f8rne af ClickPad den samme handling som et sekund\'e6rt (h\'f8jre) museklik.\par
\par
Den handling, der udf\'f8res af et hj\'f8rneklik med \'e9n finger, kan konfigureres. Hvis du vil tildele en anden handling, skal du v\'e6lge en handling p\'e5 listen.\par
\par
Nogle handlinger kr\'e6ver yderligere konfiguration. Hvis der kr\'e6ves flere oplysninger, aktiveres knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 , eller der vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan til enhver tid klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  for at se eller \'e6ndre dine indstillinger.\par
\par
Hvis du er i en venstreh\'e5ndskonfiguration, skal du klikke i nederste venstre side af ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Hvis du vil justere coastingafstanden, skal du bruge skyderen. Hvis du vil rulle l\'e6ngere, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Maks\b0. Hvis du vil rulle kortere, skal du flytte skyderen mod \b Min\b0. Hvis skyderen ikke flytter sig, skal du kontrollere, at Aktiver coasting er valgt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Rulning med \'e9n finger\b0\par
Du kan rulle lodret.\par
\par
Klik p\'e5 det vindue eller element, som du vil rulle i, og lad fingeren glide op eller ned langs h\'f8jre kant af TouchPad for at rulle lodret.\par
\par
Hvis rulning ikke reagerer, skal du kontrollere, at det relevante afkrydsningsfelt er markeret, og at det vindue eller element, som du har klikket p\'e5, underst\'f8tter rulning. Hvis du stadig har problemer, skal du kontrollere dine indstillinger for \b Scrolling Region (Rulleomr\'e5de)\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0407\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0511200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0526200900, Extra spaces removed.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1108200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0222201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0518201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Hilfethema nicht definiert\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
Im Fenster \b Eigenschaften\b0  k\'f6nnen die Einstellungen f\'fcr das Zeigeger\'e4t konfiguriert werden. Verwenden Sie die Men\'fcs links, um auf die benutzereinstellbaren Funktionen zuzugreifen.\par
\par
\b Verwenden des Fensters "Eigenschaften"\b0\par
Klicken Sie auf eine Funktion im Men\'fc, um alle m\'f6glichen Einstellungen daf\'fcr anzuzeigen. Die Einstellungen f\'fcr einige Funktionen nehmen mehr als eine Seite in Anspruch. Klicken Sie auf \b +\b0  (Pluszeichen) neben einer Funktion, um alle dazugeh\'f6rigen Seiten einzusehen. Die Einstellungen erscheinen im Fenster rechts neben der Men\'fcliste. Informationen \'fcber die Optionen sowie Anweisungen zur \'c4nderung erscheinen in diesem Informationsfeld. Sie k\'f6nnen die Bildlaufleiste verwenden, um den Inhalt des Informationsfelds vollst\'e4ndig anzuzeigen.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "Standardeinstellungen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Standardeinstellungen\b0  setzt alle Einstellungen auf der aktuellen Seite auf die werkseitigen Werte zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "OK"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b OK\b0  speichert die \'c4nderungen und schlie\'dft das Fenster Eigenschaften.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "Abbrechen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Abbrechen\b0  schlie\'dft das Fenster Eigenschaften, ohne \'c4nderungen zu speichern, und stellt die vorigen Einstellungen wieder her.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "\'dcbernehmen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b\'dcbernehmen\b0  speichert die \'c4nderungen. Das Fenster Eigenschaften bleibt aber ge\'f6ffnet, sodass Sie weitere \'c4nderungen vornehmen k\'f6nnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
Das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tasten aktivieren\b0  aktiviert die "Maustasten" f\'fcr dieses Zeigeger\'e4t. Zur Konfiguration der Aktion, die bei Druck einer Taste vorgenommen werden soll, w\'e4hlen Sie den Namen der Taste aus der Men\'fcliste. Beispielsweise k\'f6nnten Sie die rechte Taste darauf konfigurieren, eine Webseite im Standardbrowser zu \'f6ffnen. Jedes Mal, wenn Sie am Zeigeger\'e4t die rechte Taste dr\'fccken, wird der Webbrowser dann automatisch gestartet und \'f6ffnet die entsprechende Seite.\par
\par
Wenn \b Tasten aktivieren\b0  nicht gew\'e4hlt ist, sind die Tasten nicht aktiv; es geschieht nichts, wenn Sie darauf dr\'fccken. Sie m\'fcssen dann tippen, um mit dem Zeigeger\'e4t zu klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Bildlauf f\'fcr Element unter Zeiger\b0\par
Die Option \b Bildlauf unter Zeiger\b0  versucht immer, den Bildlauf im angegebenen Fenster in der aktiven Anwendung durchzuf\'fchren, auf der sich der Cursor befindet. Wenn sich der Cursor nicht auf der aktiven Anwendung befindet, wird kein Bildlauf durchgef\'fchrt.\par
Bei ge\'f6ffnetem Windows Explorer: Wenn sich der Cursor im linken Fenster befindet, wird der Bildlauf in der Verzeichnisstruktur durchgef\'fchrt. Befindet sich der Cursor im rechten Fenster, wird der Bildlauf in diesem Listenfeld durchgef\'fchrt. Wenn Sie anschlie\'dfend auf eine andere Anwendung klicken, f\'fchrt der Windows Explorer keinen Bildlauf durch, auch wenn sich der Cursor auf einem der Fenster des Windows Explorers befindet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion in der Liste oben, um sie der gew\'e4hlten Taste zuzuweisen. Die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion kann jetzt durch Druck der Taste ausgel\'f6st werden.\par
\par
Falls keine Aktion aus der Liste gew\'e4hlt werden kann, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie, ob die Tasten aktiviert sind. Gehen Sie wie folgt vor, um die Tasten zu aktivieren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste links die Auswahl \b Tasten\b0 .\par
2.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tasten aktivieren\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie die Taste im Men\'fc \b Tasten\b0 , um diese Seite wieder aufzurufen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Diese Schaltfl\'e4che \'f6ffnet ein Konfigurationsdialogfeld f\'fcr die im Listenfeld gew\'e4hlte Aktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0  erlaubt das Ausl\'f6sen von "Mausklicks" durch Tippen und Dr\'fccken.\par
\par
Tippen oder Dr\'fccken auf die Spitze des Pointing-Stick entspricht dem Klicken der linken Maustaste. Dr\'fccken oder Tippen kann aber schneller und einfacher sein als die Verwendung der linken Maustaste.\par
\par
"Tippen" bedeutet einen kurzen Druck mit dem Finger auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts und sofortiges Loslassen. Eine leichte, kurze Ber\'fchrung ist am besten. Sehr feste oder langsame Ber\'fchrungen sind weniger effektiv. Tippen Sie einmal f\'fcr einen einfachen Klick oder zweimal schnell hintereinander f\'fcr einen Doppelklick.\par
\par
"Dr\'fccken" bedeutet einen schnellen Druck mit dem Finger auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts. Eine leichte, bewusste Ber\'fchrung ist am besten. Dr\'fccken Sie direkt nach unten, um Klicken und Festhalten der Maustaste zu simulieren. Dr\'fccken Sie direkt nach unten und dann zur Seite, um in eine bestimmte Richtung zu ziehen. Beenden Sie den Druck, wenn Sie die Maustaste loslassen m\'f6chten.\par
\par
Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren.\par
\par
Nat\'fcrlich k\'f6nnen auch die tats\'e4chlichen Tasten verwendet werden. Aber wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen deaktiviert wird, sind diese die einzige M\'f6glichkeit zu klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Die Men\'fcliste zeigt die Optionen f\'fcr das Zeigeger\'e4t. Um eine Option zu konfigurieren, klicken Sie auf den entsprechenden Eintrag.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Auf den Einstellungsseiten f\'fcr die \b Cursorbewegung\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, wie der "Mauscursor" auf dem Bildschirm auf Ihre Zeigeaktionen reagiert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
Mithilfe der Funktion \b Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie den Cursor auf ausschlie\'dflich horizontale oder vertikale Bewegung auf dem Bildschirm beschr\'e4nken. Diese Funktion ist sehr n\'fctzlich, wenn ein Zeichenprogramm verwendet wird. Die eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung wird aktiviert, indem eine bestimmte Taste gedr\'fcckt und festgehalten wird, w\'e4hrend Sie den Cursor bewegen. Wenn die Taste gedr\'fcckt wird, legt die anf\'e4ngliche Richtung der Cursorbewegung fest, welche Bewegungsrichtung erlaubt ist, solange der Finger auf dem TouchPad gehalten wird.\par
\par
So aktivieren Sie die Funktion Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung aktivieren\b0 , um die Optionen im Listenfeld zu aktivieren.\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine Taste zur Aktivierung der eingeschr\'e4nkten Bewegung.\par
3.\tab Dr\'fccken Sie danach die gew\'e4hlte Taste, wenn Sie die Cursorbewegung einschr\'e4nken m\'f6chten.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen steht f\'fcr Klicken mit der linken Taste\b0\par
Diese Option erzeugt ein Klicken mit der linken Maustaste, wenn Sie tippen oder auf den Zeigestift dr\'fccken. Ein Klicken mit der rechten Maustaste dient in der Regel zur Anzeige eines Kontextmen\'fcs.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Mit diesen Tasten kann der eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegungsmodus aktiviert werden. W\'e4hlen Sie die gew\'fcnschte Taste, indem Sie auf den Eintrag im Listenfeld klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 (Bewegung im Kantenbereich) vereinfacht Cursorbewegungen \'fcber gr\'f6\'dfere Distanzen. Wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPad erreicht, bewegt sich der Cursor in dieselbe Richtung weiter, bis Sie den Finger anheben. W\'e4hlen Sie eine der Optionen f\'fcr EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Die virtuelle Bildlauffunktion unterst\'fctzt EdgeMotion ebenfalls. Zur Kontrolle von EdgeMotion w\'e4hrend des Bildlaufs w\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste die Auswahl \b Bildlauf \'fcber gro\'dfe Distanz\b0  unter \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion nur beim Ziehen\b0\par
Wenn diese Option gew\'e4hlt ist, tritt EdgeMotion nur beim Tippen-und-Ziehen auf. Normale Cursorbewegungen bewirken keine EdgeMotion. Damit diese Funktion verf\'fcgbar ist, muss \b Tippen\b0  aktiviert sein.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion beim Ziehen und Zeigen\b0\par
Wenn diese Option gew\'e4hlt ist, tritt EdgeMotion auf, wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPad erreicht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Keine EdgeMotion \b0\par
Um den Cursor ohne EdgeMotion \'fcber eine gr\'f6\'dfere Distanz zu bewegen, m\'fcssen Sie den Finger mehrfach \'fcber das TouchPad f\'fchren oder die Cursor-Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit im Mauskontrollfeld \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
Wenn Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippbereiche aktivieren\b0  w\'e4hlen, k\'f6nnen Sie jede der vier Ecken des TouchPad so konfigurieren, dass sie beim Tippen als eine unterschiedliche Taste fungieren. Diese Eckregionen werden \b Tippbereiche\b0  genannt.\par
\par
Ein Tippen in der Mitte des TouchPad bewirkt immer einen Linksklick.\par
\par
Wenn Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippbereiche aktivieren\b0  deaktivieren, bewirkt ein Tippen irgendwo auf dem TouchPad stets einen Linksklick.\par
\par
Den Tippbereichen kann eine Vielzahl von Aktionen zugewiesen werden.\par
\par
So aktivieren Sie Tippbereiche:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Vergewissern Sie sich, dass die Auswahl \b Tippen aktivieren\b0  auf der Seite \b Tippen\b0  aktiviert ist.\par
2.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippbereiche aktivieren\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste den Namen eines Tippbereichs, um diesem eine Aktion zuzuweisen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion f\'fcr das Tippen im unteren linken Bereich des TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Klick mittlere Taste\b0  w\'e4hlen, dann bewirkt ein Tippen im linken unteren Bereich des TouchPad dieselbe Funktion wie ein Klicken der mittleren Taste. W\'e4hlen Sie \b Kein Bereich\b0 , um diesen \b Tippbereich\b0  zu deaktivieren (Tippen in diesem Bereich bewirkt dann ebenso wie der Rest des TouchPad lediglich einen Linksklick).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion f\'fcr das Tippen im oberen linken Bereich des TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Klick mittlere Taste\b0  w\'e4hlen, dann bewirkt ein Tippen im linken oberen Bereich des TouchPad dieselbe Funktion wie ein Klicken der mittleren Taste. W\'e4hlen Sie \b Kein Bereich\b0 , um diesen \b Tippbereich\b0  zu deaktivieren (Tippen in diesem Bereich bewirkt dann ebenso wie der Rest des TouchPad lediglich einen Linksklick).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion f\'fcr das Tippen im oberen rechten Bereich des TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Klick rechte Taste\b0  w\'e4hlen, dann bewirkt ein Tippen im rechten oberen Bereich des TouchPad dieselbe Funktion wie ein Klicken der rechten Maus- oder TouchPad-Taste. W\'e4hlen Sie \b Kein Bereich\b0 , um diesen \b Tippbereich\b0  zu deaktivieren (Tippen in diesem Bereich bewirkt dann ebenso wie der Rest des TouchPad lediglich einen Linksklick).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion f\'fcr das Tippen im unteren rechten Bereich des TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Klick rechte Taste\b0  w\'e4hlen, dann bewirkt ein Tippen im rechten unteren Bereich des TouchPad dieselbe Funktion wie ein Klicken der rechten Maus- oder TouchPad-Taste. W\'e4hlen Sie \b Kein Bereich\b0 , um diesen \b Tippbereich\b0  zu deaktivieren (Tippen in diesem Bereich bewirkt dann ebenso wie der Rest des TouchPad lediglich einen Linksklick).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Dr\'fccken Sie diese Taste, um das Dialogfeld Eigenschaften f\'fcr die gew\'e4hlte Aktion zu \'f6ffnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Das Diagramm oben repr\'e4sentiert die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Der markierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die aktiven Tippbereiche auf dem TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken, wird die Position Ihres Fingers durch Pfeile am Rand des Diagramms angezeigt. Falls sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven Tippbereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Tippbereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben. Sie k\'f6nnen die Tippbereiche vergr\'f6\'dfern oder verkleinern, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate in den Ecken der markierten Bereiche verschieben.\par
\par
Falls Sie Schwierigkeiten damit haben, die Aktion eines Tippbereichs auszul\'f6sen, versuchen Sie, diesen Bereich zu vergr\'f6\'dfern. Oder wenn die Aktion eines Tippbereichs zu einfach ausgel\'f6st wird, k\'f6nnen Sie den Bereich verkleinern.\par
\par
Falls die Tippbereiche abgeblendet sind und nicht eingestellt werden k\'f6nnen, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie, ob die Funktionen \b Tippen\b0  und \b Tippbereiche\b0  aktiviert sind.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
In diesem Abschnitt k\'f6nnen Sie die TouchPad-Tasten anpassen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Standardeinstellungen\b0\par
Hiermit werden f\'fcr die Einstellungen auf der aktuellen Seite wieder die Standardwerte eingestellt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
Die Geschwindigkeit f\'fcr Bewegungen im Kantenbereich (EdgeMotion) kann fest eingestellt oder druckempfindlich konfiguriert werden.\par
\par
\b Geschwindigkeit durch Fingerdruck regulieren\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option, damit die Geschwindigkeit erh\'f6ht wird, wenn Sie mit dem Finger fester auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken.\par
\par
\b Konstante Geschwindigkeit\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option, um eine konstante Geschwindigkeit einzustellen.\par
\par
\b EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit einstellen\b0\par
Dieser Schieberegler steuert die EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit, wenn die Option \b Konstante Geschwindigkeit\b0  gew\'e4hlt ist. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geschwindigkeit einstellen, indem Sie den Regler zwischen \b Langsam\b0  und \b Schnell\b0  verschieben.\par
\par
Falls die Elemente auf dieser Seite abgeblendet sind und nicht modifiziert werden k\'f6nnen, vergewissern Sie sich, dass EdgeMotion aktiviert ist. Gehen Sie wie folgt vor, um EdgeMotion zu aktivieren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste links die Auswahl \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine der Optionen f\'fcr \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste \b EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit\b0 , um zu dieser Seite zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Wenn dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen markiert ist, wird die EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit davon bestimmt, wie fest Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken.\par
\par
Wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen nicht aktiviert ist, bewegt sich der Cursor mit der \'fcber den Schieberegler festgelegten Geschwindigkeit, wenn sich der Finger im EdgeMotion-Bereich befindet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen f\'fcr eine konstante EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Ein Tippen auf die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad hat dieselbe Wirkung wie das Klicken der linken "Maustaste" des TouchPad. Tippen ist in der Regel aber schneller und einfacher als die Verwendung der linken Maustaste.\par
\par
"Tippen" bedeutet eine kurze Ber\'fchrung der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che und sofortiges Anheben des Fingers. Eine leichte, kurze Ber\'fchrung ist am besten. Sehr feste oder langsame Ber\'fchrungen sind weniger effektiv. Tippen Sie einmal f\'fcr einen einfachen Klick oder zweimal schnell hintereinander f\'fcr einen Doppelklick.\par
\par
Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippen aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren. Zum Klicken k\'f6nnen auch die Tasten des TouchPad verwendet werden. Wenn dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen nicht markiert ist, k\'f6nnen zum Klicken nur die TouchPad-Tasten benutzt werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Lernprogramm f\'fcr virtuellen Bildlauf\b0\par
Dieses einfache Labyrinth hilft Ihnen dabei, die virtuelle Bildlauffunktion zu erlernen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippen = Klicken\b0  nicht markiert ist, m\'fcssen Sie zum Klicken auf die TouchPad-Tasten dr\'fccken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Zum Ziehen erneut tippen und halten\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um Objekte durch Tippen des TouchPad zu ziehen. Tippen Sie dazu zweimal auf das Objekt, und halten Sie den Finger nach dem zweiten Tippen auf der Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Verschieben Sie das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt durch Ziehen des Fingers auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che; sobald der Finger angehoben wird, wird das Objekt abgelegt. Diese Aktion hat dieselbe Wirkung wie Dr\'fccken der Maustaste, Bewegen der Maus und Loslassen der Maustaste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Weiterziehen \b0\par
Die Funktion \b Weiterziehen\b0  macht es m\'f6glich, Objekte mithilfe mehrerer Fingerbewegungen \'fcber gr\'f6\'dfere Distanzen \'fcber den Bildschirm zu ziehen. Wenn \b Weiterziehen\b0  gew\'e4hlt ist, wird das Ziehen fortgesetzt, wenn Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad anheben. Tippen Sie erneut auf das TouchPad, oder klicken Sie auf eine beliebige Taste, um das Objekt abzulegen und das Ziehen zu beenden. Um \b Weiterziehen\b0  verwenden zu k\'f6nnen, m\'fcssen die Funktionen \b Tippen\b0  und \b Zum Ziehen erneut tippen und halten\b0  ebenfalls aktiviert sein.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 sch\'fctzt vor Ausf\'fchrung einer TouchPad-Aktion durch eine versehentliche Ber\'fchrung. Mit PalmCheck erkennt das TouchPad, wenn Ihre Handfl\'e4che darauf ruht bzw. beim Tippen gelegentlich die Oberfl\'e4che ber\'fchrt. So werden ungew\'fcnschte Cursorbewegungen oder Tastenklicks vermieden.\par
\par
Falls das TouchPad unerw\'fcnschte Cursorbewegungen oder Tastenklicks verzeichnet, erh\'f6hen Sie die PalmCheck-Einstellung, indem Sie den Regler nach rechts in Richtung \b Maximieren\b0  verschieben. Falls das TouchPad gew\'fcnschte Bewegungen oder Tippaktionen nicht registriert, verringern Sie die PalmCheck-Einstellung, indem Sie den Regler nach links in Richtung \b Minimieren\b0  verschieben. Verpasste Bewegungen und Tippaktionen treten h\'e4ufiger auf, wenn der Regler sich im roten Bereich befindet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Mit dem Regler \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie fest Sie mit dem Finger dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, damit das TouchPad reagiert.\par
\par
Falls sich der Cursor unerwartet bewegt oder unerw\'fcnschte Klickaktionen auftreten oder wenn Sie in einem Bereich mit hoher Luftfeuchtigkeit arbeiten, verringern Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Regler nach rechts in Richtung \b Starker Druck\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
Wenn Sie zur Bedienung des TouchPad zu fest aufdr\'fccken m\'fcssen oder dieses nicht auf jedes Tippen reagiert, erh\'f6hen Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Regler nach links in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0  verschieben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Bildlauf f\'fcr gew\'e4hltes Element \b0\par
Die Option \b Bildlauf f\'fcr gew\'e4hltes Element\b0  versucht immer, den Bildlauf im angegebenen Fenster, das \'fcber den Tastaturfokus verf\'fcgt, in der aktiven Anwendung durchzuf\'fchren. Auch wenn sich der Cursor nicht auf der aktiven Anwendung befindet, wird der Bildlauf trotzdem im Fenster durchgef\'fchrt, das \'fcber den Tastaturfokus verf\'fcgt.\par
Bei ge\'f6ffnetem Windows Explorer: Wenn Sie auf das linke Fenster klicken und dann bl\'e4ttern, wird der Bildlauf in der Verzeichnisstruktur durchgef\'fchrt, ganz gleich, wo sich der Cursor befindet.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Wenn Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b EdgeMotion beim Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  markieren, wird der Bildlauf fortgesetzt, wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPad erreicht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen steht f\'fcr Klicken mit der rechten Taste \b0\par
Diese Option erzeugt ein Klicken mit der rechten Maustaste, wenn Sie tippen oder auf den Zeigestift dr\'fccken. Ein Klicken mit der rechten Maustaste dient in der Regel zur Anzeige eines Kontextmen\'fcs.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Automatisch weiter\b0  erm\'f6glicht einen einfachen Bildlauf durch lange Dokumente. Wenn die Funktion aktiviert ist, wird der virtuelle Bildlauf fortgesetzt, nachdem Sie den Finger vom TouchPad angehoben haben. Um Automatisch weiter zu verwenden, bewegen Sie den Finger gleichm\'e4\'dfig und heben Sie ihn dann an. Um Automatisch weiter zu beenden, ber\'fchren Sie die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad erneut mit dem Finger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren \b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um in Fenstern mit horizontalen Bildlaufleisten den virtuellen horizontalen Bildlauf zu aktivieren. Horizontaler Bildlauf f\'fcr das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element erfolgt, wenn der Finger entlang des unteren Rands des TouchPad bewegt wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren \b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um den vertikalen virtuellen Bildlauf zu aktivieren. Bewegen Sie den Finger entlang des rechten Rands des TouchPad auf und ab, um den vertikalen Bildlauf f\'fcr das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element zu starten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Das Diagramm oben repr\'e4sentiert die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Der markierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Bereiche f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf auf dem TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken, wird die Position Ihres Fingers durch Pfeile am Rand des Diagramms angezeigt. Falls sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven virtuellen Bildlaufbereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Bereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben. Sie k\'f6nnen die virtuellen Bildlaufbereiche vergr\'f6\'dfern oder verkleinern, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand der markierten Bereiche verschieben.\par
\par
Falls Sie mit dem Ausl\'f6sen des virtuellen Bildlaufs Schwierigkeiten haben, vergr\'f6\'dfern Sie den virtuellen Bildlaufbereich, indem Sie die R\'e4nder der markierten Abschnitte nach innen bewegen. Falls der virtuelle Bildlauf zu einfach ausgel\'f6st wird, verkleinern Sie den virtuellen Bildlaufbereich.\par
\par
Falls die virtuellen Bildlaufbereiche abgeblendet sind und nicht eingestellt werden k\'f6nnen, vergewissern Sie sich, dass der virtuelle Bildlauf aktiviert ist. Gehen Sie wie folgt vor, um den virtuellen Bildlauf zu aktivieren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste links die Auswahl \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 .\par
2.\tab Aktivieren Sie das gew\'fcnschte Kontrollk\'e4stchen f\'fcr \b Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste \b Bildlaufbereich\b0 , um zu dieser Seite zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "Lernprogramm"\b0\par
Klicken Sie auf \b Lernprogramm\b0 , um das Lernprogramm f\'fcr den \b virtuellen Bildlauf\b0  zu starten. Dieses einfache Labyrinth hilft Ihnen dabei, die virtuelle Bildlauffunktion zu erlernen.\par
\par
HINWEIS: Vergewissern Sie sich, dass die Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  und \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  markiert sind.\par
\par
Sehen Sie sich das Labyrinth an, bevor Sie nach Start- und Endpunkt suchen. Sie k\'f6nnen nicht das gesamte Labyrinth sehen. Es ist gr\'f6\'dfer als das Anzeigefenster. Verwenden Sie den virtuellen Bildlauf, um das Labyrinth im Fenster zu verschieben. Halten Sie beim virtuellen Bildlauf die Strg-Taste gedr\'fcckt, um das Labyrinth zu vergr\'f6\'dfern bzw. zu verkleinern.\par
\par
Ein gelber Punkt in der oberen linken Ecke des Labyrinths markiert den Eingang. Der Ausgang ist durch einen blauen Punkt auf der rechten Seite gekennzeichnet.\par
\par
Gehen Sie wie folgt vor:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicken Sie auf das rote Quadrat innerhalb des gelben Punktes, um zu beginnen.\par
2.\tab Verwenden Sie die Pfeiltasten oder tippen Sie auf das TouchPad, um durch das Labyrinth zu navigieren.\par
3.\tab Verwenden Sie den virtuellen Bildlauf, um das Labyrinth zu verschieben.\par
4.\tab Wenn Sie den blauen Punkt in der unteren rechten Ecke erreicht haben, klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Schlie\'dfen\b0  im Fenster des Lernprogramms f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Dieser Regler erm\'f6glicht die Einstellung der Geschwindigkeit f\'fcr den \b virtuellen Bildlauf\b0 . Durch Ziehen nach rechts wird die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit erh\'f6ht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Verwenden Sie diesen Bereich zur Einstellung der Cursorbewegung. F\'fcr zus\'e4tzliche Informationen k\'f6nnen Sie die Hilfe f\'fcr bestimmte Abschnitte aufrufen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen und Ziehen\b0\par
Wenn Sie diese Option w\'e4hlen, f\'fchrt ein fester Druck zum Ausw\'e4hlen und Ziehen. F\'fcr eine einfache Auswahl m\'fcssen Sie tippen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Langsame Bewegung\b0  vermindert die Cursorgeschwindigkeit, sodass seine Position genauer eingestellt werden kann. Die langsame Bewegung wird aktiviert, indem eine bestimmte Taste gedr\'fcckt und festgehalten wird, w\'e4hrend Sie den Cursor bewegen.\par
\par
So aktivieren Sie die Funktion \b Langsame Bewegung\b0 :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Langsame Bewegung aktivieren\b0 , um die Optionen im Listenfeld zu aktivieren.\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine Taste zur Aktivierung der langsamen Bewegung.\par
3.\tab Dr\'fccken Sie danach die gew\'e4hlte Taste und halten Sie sie gedr\'fcckt, wenn Sie die langsame Bewegung aktivieren m\'f6chten.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Diese Funktion bewegt den Cursor automatisch auf die Standardschaltfl\'e4che, wenn ein Dialogfenster auf dem Bildschirm erscheint.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Manchmal m\'f6chten Sie den Cursor m\'f6glicherweise auf eine rein horizontale oder vertikale Bewegung beschr\'e4nken. Sie k\'f6nnen eine Taste f\'fcr eingeschr\'e4nkte Cursorbewegung festlegen und diese dann gedr\'fcckt halten, w\'e4hrend Sie den Cursor bewegen. Die anf\'e4ngliche Bewegungsrichtung beim Druck der Taste bestimmt, ob der Cursor auf horizontale oder vertikale Bewegung eingeschr\'e4nkt wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
Die Auswahl der Cursoraktualisierungsgeschwindigkeit \b Schnell\b0  erzeugt in der Regel eine sehr gleichm\'e4\'dfige Cursorbewegung. Falls der Cursor aber ungleichm\'e4\'dfig erscheint oder auf dem Bildschirm flackert, w\'e4hlen Sie die Aktualisierungsgeschwindigkeit \b Langsam\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Die Eigenschaftsseiten f\'fcr das Synaptics TouchPad erm\'f6glichen seine Konfiguration. Diese Seiten finden Sie im Kontrollfeld f\'fcr Mauseigenschaften.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Klicken Sie hier, wenn Sie Ihren Internet-Browser starten und diesen Link direkt aufrufen m\'f6chten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panning bedeutet ununterbrochenen Bildlauf. Die Bewegung kann in horizontaler oder vertikaler oder auch in beiden Richtungen erfolgen.\par
\par
Beachten Sie, dass Panning nur in Anwendungen funktioniert, die Microsoft Intellimouse unterst\'fctzen. Viele dieser Anwendungen schr\'e4nken die m\'f6glichen Richtungen ein (Beispiel: Microsoft Word erlaubt nur vertikales Panning; Microsoft Excel erlaubt Panning in vertikaler und horizontaler Richtung, aber nicht diagonal).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zoom bedeutet \'c4nderung der Vergr\'f6\'dferung f\'fcr ein Dokument. Zoom kann verwendet werden, um die Vergr\'f6\'dferung zu erh\'f6hen oder zu vermindern.\par
\par
Beachten Sie, dass Zoom nur in Anwendungen funktioniert, die Microsoft Intellimouse unterst\'fctzen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Diese Aktion bewegt den Cursor automatisch auf die Schaltfl\'e4che Start in der Taskleiste und \'f6ffnet das Startmen\'fc.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Men\'fc im aktuellen Fenster aufrufen\b0\par
Diese Aktion bewegt den Cursor automatisch auf den linken Eintrag im Men\'fc des aktuellen Fensters (normalerweise das Men\'fc Datei) und \'f6ffnet diesen.\par
In einigen Fenstern, die keine Standardmen\'fcs aufweisen, funktioniert diese Funktion m\'f6glicherweise nicht richtig.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Diese Aktion minimiert das aktuelle Fenster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Diese Aktion maximiert das aktuelle Fenster, sodass es den gesamten Bildschirm einnimmt. Falls das aktuelle Fenster bereits maximiert ist, stellt diese Aktion seine urspr\'fcngliche Gr\'f6\'dfe und Position wieder her.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Diese Aktion stellt die urspr\'fcngliche Gr\'f6\'dfe und Position eines minimierten oder maximierten Fensters wieder her.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Diese Aktion startet automatisch eine von Ihnen bestimmte Anwendung. Nach Auswahl dieser Aktion k\'f6nnen Sie das auszuf\'fchrende Programm w\'e4hlen, indem Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che Eigenschaften neben dem Kombinationsfeld klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Diese Aktion erlaubt die Verwendung der gesamten TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che zur Kontrolle des virtuellen Bildlaufs\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . Wiederholen Sie dieselbe Zeigebewegung, um den normalen Betrieb des TouchPad wieder herzustellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Falls die aktive Anwendung ein Webbrowser ist, ruft diese Aktion die zuletzt besuchte Seite im Puffer des Browsers auf.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Falls die aktive Anwendung ein Webbrowser ist, ruft diese Aktion die n\'e4chste Seite im Puffer des Browsers auf.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Diese Aktion startet den Standard-Webbrowser und ruft eine Webseite auf. Nach Auswahl dieser Aktion k\'f6nnen Sie die zu \'f6ffnende Seite w\'e4hlen, indem Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che Eigenschaften neben dem Kombinationsfeld klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Falls die aktive Anwendung ein Webbrowser ist, bewirkt diese Aktion ein Neuladen der aktuellen Webseite.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Falls die aktive Anwendung ein Webbrowser ist, h\'e4lt diese Aktion den Ladevorgang der aktuellen Webseite an.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Das Platzieren von zwei Fingern auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che und das Bewegen in eine bestimmte Richtung wird als Zwei-Finger\b -Zeigebewegung bezeichnet\b0 . Das TouchPad kann derartige Bewegungen in alle acht Kompassrichtungen registrieren. Diese Seite erm\'f6glicht die Anpassung der Aktionen, die das TouchPad beim Festellen einer \b Zeigebewegung\b0  durchf\'fchrt.\par
\par
Um die Verarbeitung von \b Zeigebewegungen\b0  zu aktivieren, klicken Sie auf das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Aktivieren\b0 . W\'e4hlen Sie dann f\'fcr jede \b Zeigebewegungs\b0 -Richtung eine Aktion aus der Liste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im oberen linken Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im oberen Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im oberen linken Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im linken Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im unteren rechten Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im unteren Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im unteren linken Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Aktion, die beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  im linken Bereich des TouchPad durchgef\'fchrt werden soll.\par
\par
Wenn Sie beispielsweise \b Seite-nach-oben-Taste dr\'fccken\b0  w\'e4hlen, hat eine derartige Zeigebewegung dieselbe Folge wie das Dr\'fccken der Taste "Seite \-" auf der Tastatur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Tastaturmakro aufzeichnen und abspielen\b0\par
\par
Diese Aktion f\'fchrt eine zuvor aufgezeichnete Tastenfolge aus. Nach Auswahl dieser Aktion k\'f6nnen Sie die gew\'fcnschte Tastenfolge aufzeichnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Dialogfeld "Tastaturmakro aufzeichnen"\b0\par
In diesem Dialogfeld k\'f6nnen Sie eine Tastenfolge aufzeichnen, die sp\'e4ter abgespielt werden kann. Eine derartige Tastenfolge wird h\'e4ufig \i Tastaturmakro\i0  genannt.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf \b Start\b0 , um mit der Aufzeichnung des Makros zu beginnen. Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Stopp\b0  wird dann aktiviert, und die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Start\b0  wird deaktiviert. Das deutet darauf hin, dass eine Aufzeichnung im Gange ist. Weil alle Tastendr\'fccke w\'e4hrend der Aufzeichnung festgehalten werden, kann der Aufzeichnungsmodus nur beendet werden, indem die Schaltfl\'e4che Stopp mithilfe der Maus gedr\'fcckt wird.\par
\par
Wenn nicht aufgezeichnet wird, kann die Schaltfl\'e4che \b L\'f6schen\b0  dazu verwendet werden, den Puffer mit der aufgezeichneten Tastenfolge zu l\'f6schen. W\'e4hrend der Aufzeichnung hat diese Schaltfl\'e4che dieselbe Funktion wie die R\'fccktaste. Durch Dr\'fccken auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Zur\'fcck\b0  wird der letzte Eintrag im Aufzeichnungspuffer gel\'f6scht. Beachten Sie, dass die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Zur\'fcck\b0  w\'e4hrend der Aufzeichnung nur mit der Maus gedr\'fcckt werden kann.\par
\par
W\'e4hrend der Aufzeichnung erscheinen die gedr\'fcckten Tasten im Textbereich des Aufzeichnungsfensters. Alphabetische und numerische Zeichen sowie die Zeichensetzung sehen im Textfenster genauso aus wie in einem gedruckten Dokument. Nicht druckbare Zeichen werden im Textfenster durch in geschweifte Klammern eingeschlossene mnemonische Tags dargestellt.\par
\par
Damit das Textfenster einfacher zu lesen ist, erscheinen die meisten Zeichen erst im Fenster, wenn die entsprechende Taste gedr\'fcckt wird. Die Modustasten (z.B. \b Umschalttaste\b0 , \b Strg\b0  und \b Alt\b0 ) werden beim Dr\'fccken und Loslassen ins Textfenster eingegeben. Auf diese Weise k\'f6nnen Modus\'e4nderungen der Tastatur im Textfenster "abgelesen" werden.\par
\par
Beachten Sie bitte, dass das Textfenster nicht direkt bearbeitet werden kann. Beispielsweise ist es nicht m\'f6glich, eine Taste in der Mitte einer zuvor aufgezeichneten Sequenz einzugeben. Dazu m\'fcssen Sie den aufgezeichneten Puffer l\'f6schen und die gew\'fcnschte Sequenz erneut aufzeichnen.\par
\par
Dr\'fccken Sie nach Abschluss einer Aufzeichnung auf \b OK\b0 , um zu speichern, oder auf \b Abbrechen\b0 , um die Aufzeichnung zu verwerfen. Beide Tasten schlie\'dfen das Dialogfeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion f\'fcr diese TouchPad-Taste. Sie k\'f6nnen die Taste anpassen, damit sie eine der Aktionen in der Dropdown-Liste durchf\'fchrt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Legt fest, wie viel Zeit beim Doppelklicken der prim\'e4ren Maustaste zwischen beiden Klicks vergehen darf. Wenn Sie ein unerfahrener Mausbenutzer sind, ist Doppelklicken m\'f6glicherweise einfacher, wenn Sie den Regler in Richtung "Langsam" verschieben. Sie k\'f6nnen die Doppelklick-Geschwindigkeit testen, indem Sie auf das Bild im Testbereich doppelklicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Bietet die M\'f6glichkeit zum Testen der Doppelklick-Geschwindigkeit der Maus. Falls das Schachtelm\'e4nnchen erscheint oder verschwindet, wurde der Doppelklick erkannt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Stellt die Cursorbewegungsgeschwindigkeit auf dem Bildschirm ein.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Legt fest, wie schnell der Cursor auf seine maximale Geschwindigkeit beschleunigt wird. Eine Beschleunigung bewirkt, dass der Cursor sich weiter bewegt, wenn die Maus schnell bewegt wird. Ohne Beschleunigung bewegt sich der Cursor genauso schnell wie die Maus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
F\'fcgt dem Mauscursor einen Schweif hinzu, sodass er auf LCD-Bildschirmen leichter zu sehen ist. Bewegen Sie den Regler, um die L\'e4nge des Schweifs zu ver\'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um die allgemeinen Bildlauffunktionen zu aktivieren. Klicken Sie auf die Einstellungsschaltfl\'e4che, um die Bildlauffunktionen zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che, um die Bildlauffunktionen zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che, um die Funktionen f\'fcr Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che, um die Funktionen f\'fcr Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che, um die Tippbereiche zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che, um die EdgeMotion-Funktionen zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Wenn \b Ger\'e4t deaktivieren\b0  gew\'e4hlt ist, bietet das aktuelle Zeigeger\'e4t keine Cursorbewegung, keinen Bildlauf und auch keine andere Funktionalit\'e4t mehr.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Das Platzieren von zwei Fingern auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che und das Bewegen in eine bestimmte Richtung wird als Zwei-Finger\b -Zeigebewegung bezeichnet\b0 . Das TouchPad kann derartige Bewegungen in alle acht Kompassrichtungen registrieren.\par
\par
Um die Verarbeitung von Zwei-Finger\b -Zeigebewegungen\b0  zu aktivieren, klicken Sie auf das Kontrollk\'e4stchen\b  Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 . Um die Aktion, die das TouchPad beim Feststellen einer Zwei-Finger\b -Zeigebewegung\b0  durchf\'fchrt, zu konfigurieren, klicken Sie auf die entsprechende Einstellungsschaltfl\'e4che.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Das Platzieren von drei Fingern auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che und das Bewegen in eine bestimmte Richtung wird als Drei-Finger\b -Zeigebewegung bezeichnet\b0 . Das TouchPad kann derartige Bewegungen in zwei Kompassrichtungen registrieren.\par
\par
Um die Verarbeitung von Drei-Finger\b -Zeigebewegungen\b0  zu aktivieren, klicken Sie auf das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 . Um die Aktion, die das TouchPad\b  beim Feststellen einer\b0  Drei-Finger-\b Zeigebewegung\b0  durchf\'fchrt, zu konfigurieren, klicken Sie auf die entsprechende Einstellungsschaltfl\'e4che.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Das Platzieren von zwei oder drei Fingern auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che und das Bewegen in eine bestimmte Richtung wird als Finger-\b Zeigebewegung bezeichnet\b0 . Das TouchPad kann derartige Bewegungen in alle acht Kompassrichtungen registrieren.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jede beliebige Kombination aus Zwei- und Drei-Finger\b -\b0 Zeigebewegungen \b aktivieren\b0 . Um die Verarbeitung von \b Zeigebewegungen\b0  zu aktivieren, klicken Sie auf das entsprechende Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Aktivieren\b0 . Um die Aktion, die das TouchPad beim Feststellen einer Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung durchf\'fchrt, zu konfigurieren, klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Einstellungen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Dies ist eine kleines Diagramm des TouchPad, auf dem die Tippbereiche markiert sind. Die Tippbereiche k\'f6nnen durch Ziehen der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate vergr\'f6\'dfert bzw. verkleinert werden. Die Fingerposition auf dem TouchPad wird durch Pfeile auf jeder Seite des Diagramms gekennzeichnet. Falls Ihr Finger sich in einem aktiven Tippbereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Tippbereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Nur Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option, wenn Tippen oder Dr\'fccken mit dem Stift eine Auswahl ohne Ziehen vornehmen soll. Das ist dasselbe wie ein einzelner Mausklick.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Dies ist eine Liste aller Tasten, die den langsamen Bewegungsmodus aktivieren. W\'e4hlen Sie die Taste, die Sie verwenden m\'f6chten, indem Sie auf den entsprechenden Eintrag im Listenfeld klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit einstellen\b0\par
Dieser Schieberegler steuert die EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit, wenn die Option \b Konstante Geschwindigkeit\b0  gew\'e4hlt ist.\par
Sie k\'f6nnen die Geschwindigkeit einstellen, indem Sie den Regler zwischen \b Langsam\b0  und \b Schnell\b0  verschieben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion im Listenfeld, um sie dieser Taste zuzuweisen. F\'fcr viele Funktionen ist keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration erforderlich. Werden jedoch weitere Daten ben\'f6tigt, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Konfigurationsdialogfeld angezeigt. Klicken Sie zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 , um die Konfiguration der Funktion anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion im Listenfeld, um sie diesem Tippbereich zuzuweisen. F\'fcr viele Funktionen ist keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration erforderlich. Werden jedoch weitere Daten ben\'f6tigt, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Konfigurationsdialogfeld angezeigt. Klicken Sie zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 , um die Konfiguration der Funktion anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Tippbereichen kann eine Vielzahl von Aktionen zugewiesen werden. Falls zus\'e4tzlich TouchPad Plug-in-Software eines Drittherstellers installiert ist, sind m\'f6glicherweise noch weitere Aktionen verf\'fcgbar.\par
\par
\ul\b Aktionen f\'fcr Tippbereiche\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Zur Startschaltfl\'e4che springen\b0\par
Diese Aktion bewegt den Cursor auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Start\b0  in der Windows-Taskleiste und \'f6ffnet automatisch das \b Startmen\'fc\b0 .\par
\par
\b Aktuelle Anwendung minimieren\b0\par
Diese Aktion minimiert das aktuelle Anwendungsfenster. Falls das Fenster der aktuellen Anwendung bereits minimiert ist, stellt diese Aktion dessen normale Gr\'f6\'dfe und Position wieder her.\par
\par
\b Aktuelle Anwendung maximieren\b0\par
Diese Aktion maximiert das aktuelle Anwendungsfenster (es nimmt dann den gesamten Bildschirm ein). Falls das Fenster der aktuellen Anwendung bereits maximiert ist, stellt diese Aktion dessen normale Gr\'f6\'dfe und Position wieder her.\par
\par
\b Eine gew\'fcnschte Anwendung ausf\'fchren\b0\par
Diese Aktion erlaubt die Angabe einer Anwendung, die beim Klicken dieser Taste oder Tippen in diesem Tippbereich automatisch gestartet werden soll.\par
\par
Falls die Optionen im Listenfeld abgeblendet sind und nicht gew\'e4hlt werden k\'f6nnen, vergewissern Sie sich, dass \b Tippen\b0  und \b Tippbereiche\b0  aktiviert sind.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Patentmitteilungen\par
Bildlaufauswahl\par
Systemeinstellungen\par
Ger\'e4teeinstellungen\par
auf\par
Klebrige R\'e4nder\par
Klebrige R\'e4nder aktivieren\par
EdgeMotion nur beim &Ziehen\par
EdgeMotion beim Ziehen und Zei&gen\par
Keine EdgeMotion\par
Virtueller Bildlauf\par
Konstante Geschwindigkeit\par
Nur Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\par
Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen und Ziehen\par
Aktion f\'fcr Dr\'fccken und Ausw\'e4hlen\par
Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen steht f\'fcr Klicken mit der linken Taste\par
Element w\'e4hlen\par
Tasten\par
Tasten aktivieren\par
Tippen und Ziehen\par
Bildlauf \'fcber gro\'dfe Distanz\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Tippen und Ziehen\b0  entspricht der Funktionalit\'e4t der "Maustasten".\par
\par
\b Zum Ziehen erneut tippen und halten\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um Objekte zu ziehen, ohne die Maus- oder TouchPad-Tasten dr\'fccken zu m\'fcssen. Tippen Sie dazu zweimal auf das Objekt, und halten Sie den Finger nach dem zweiten Tippen auf der Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Verschieben Sie das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt durch Ziehen des Fingers auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che; sobald der Finger angehoben wird, wird das Objekt abgelegt.\par
\par
\b Weiterziehen \b0\par
Die Funktion \b Weiterziehen\b0  macht es m\'f6glich, Objekte mithilfe mehrerer Fingerbewegungen \'fcber gr\'f6\'dfere Distanzen \'fcber den Bildschirm zu ziehen. Wenn \b Weiterziehen\b0  gew\'e4hlt ist, wird das Ziehen fortgesetzt, wenn Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad anheben. Tippen Sie erneut auf das TouchPad, um das Objekt abzulegen und das Ziehen zu beenden. Um \b Weiterziehen\b0  verwenden zu k\'f6nnen, muss die Funktion \b Zum Ziehen erneut tippen und halten\b0  ebenfalls aktiviert sein.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  erm\'f6glicht Bildlauf mithilfe einer einzigen Fingerbewegung. Der virtuelle Bildlauf bewegt die Bildlaufleisten automatisch, sodass der Cursor nicht aus dem Arbeitsbereich entfernt werden muss. Virtueller Bildlauf funktioniert mit den meisten Fenstern mit Bildlaufleisten, z.B. Textverarbeitungsprogrammen, Tabellenverarbeitungsprogrammen und gro\'dfen digitalen Bildern. Es funktioniert auch f\'fcr andere Elemente mit Bildlauf wie Datei- und Zeichensatzlisten. Virtueller Bildlauf bietet \'e4u\'dferst einfachen und gleichm\'e4\'dfigen Bildlauf f\'fcr alle Anwendungen. Klicken Sie auf das Fenster oder das Element, das bewegt werden soll, und bewegen Sie den Finger am rechten Rand des TouchPad auf und ab, um einen vertikalen Bildlauf durchzuf\'fchren. Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  oder \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 . Falls der virtuelle Bildlauf nicht funktioniert, vergewissern Sie sich, dass das gew\'fcnschte Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  markiert ist und das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element Bildlauf unterst\'fctzt. Falls weiterhin Probleme auftreten, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie die Einstellungen f\'fcr \b Bildlaufbereiche\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Die Einstellungen f\'fcr \b Empfindlichkeit\b0  erm\'f6glichen es, die Reaktion des TouchPad auf Ihre Ber\'fchrungen anzupassen.\par
\par
Zur Konfiguration der Empfindlichkeitseinstellungen w\'e4hlen Sie ein Element aus der Men\'fcliste \b Empfindlichkeit\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Das Diagramm oben repr\'e4sentiert die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Der markierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Bereiche f\'fcr EdgeMotion auf dem TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken, wird die Position Ihres Fingers durch Pfeile am Rand des Diagramms angezeigt. Falls sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven EdgeMotion-Bereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Bereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben. Sie k\'f6nnen die EdgeMotion-Bereiche vergr\'f6\'dfern oder verkleinern, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand der markierten Bereiche verschieben.\par
\par
Falls Sie mit dem Ausl\'f6sen von EdgeMotion Schwierigkeiten haben, vergr\'f6\'dfern Sie den EdgeMotion-Bereich, indem Sie die R\'e4nder der markierten Abschnitte nach innen bewegen. Falls EdgeMotion zu einfach ausgel\'f6st wird, verkleinern Sie den EdgeMotion-Bereich.\par
\par
Falls die EdgeMotion-Bereiche abgeblendet sind und nicht eingestellt werden k\'f6nnen, vergewissern Sie sich, dass EdgeMotion aktiviert ist. Gehen Sie wie folgt vor, um EdgeMotion zu aktivieren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste links die Auswahl \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine der Optionen f\'fcr \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie in der Men\'fcliste \b EdgeMotion-Bereich\b0 , um zu dieser Seite zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Patentmitteilungen\b0\par
Diese Software, verwandte Ger\'e4te und/oder die Verwendung verwandter Ger\'e4te sind durch eines oder mehrere der folgenden Patente gesch\'fctzt:\par
\par
\b Europ\'e4isches Patent Nr.\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Koreanisches Patent Nr.\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Singapur Patent Nr.\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Taiwanisches Erfindungspatent Nr.\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b China Patent Nr.\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Hongkong-Patentnr.\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Japan Patent Nr.\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b US-amerikanisches Patent Nr.\b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
sowie andere Patente erteilt; weitere Patente sind angemeldet.\par
\par
\b Marken\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, das ChiralMotion-Logo, das Scrybe-Logo und das Synaptics-Logo sind Marken der Synaptics Incorporated, die in den USA und/oder anderen L\'e4ndern eingetragen sind. Alle anderen hierin erw\'e4hnten Produkt-, Service- oder Firmennamen werden von den jeweiligen Unternehmen als Marke oder als Markennamen beansprucht.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Klebrige R\'e4nder\b0  beschr\'e4nkt den Cursor auf das aktive Fenster. Wenn Sie versuchen, den Cursor aus dem Fenster zu bewegen, bleibt er am Rand stehen. Wenn Sie es zum zweiten Mal versuchen, kann der Cursor das Fenster verlassen.\par
\par
Wenn der Cursor am Fensterrand angehalten wird, ist es einfacher, Steuerelemente zu w\'e4hlen, die am Rand eines Fensters angeordnet sind. Wenn Sie beispielsweise ein Fenster schlie\'dfen oder dessen Gr\'f6\'dfe \'e4ndern m\'f6chten, k\'f6nnen Sie den Cursor einfach in die allgemeine Richtung der Schaltfl\'e4che \b Schlie\'dfen\b0  oder des Fensterrands bewegen. Er bleibt dann genau an der gew\'fcnschten Position stehen.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, w\'e4hlen Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Klebrige R\'e4nder aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4chen auf dieser Seite kontrollieren die Funktion der Option \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit\b0\par
Benutzen Sie diesen Schieberegler, um festzulegen, wie schnell der Bildlauf in Reaktion auf eine Fingerbewegung im virtuellen Bildlaufbereich erfolgt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Der Regler legt fest, wie schnell Sie den Zeigestift dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, um eine einem Mausklick entsprechende Aktion durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Falls unerw\'fcnschte Klicks auftreten, erh\'f6hen Sie die Geschwindigkeit. Wenn Sie hingegen Schwierigkeiten damit haben, mit dem Stift zu klicken, reduzieren Sie die Geschwindigkeit.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
Der Geschwindigkeitsregler kann von "Langsam dr\'fccken" (links) bis "Schnell dr\'fccken" (rechts) eingestellt werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Legt fest, ob ein Druck auf den Zeigestift einem Rechtsklick (Kontextmen\'fc-Aktion) anstelle eines Linksklicks (normale Auswahlaktion) entspricht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0  legt die Funktion \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0  des Zeigestifts fest.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Die Einstellungen f\'fcr \b Empfindlichkeit\b0  erm\'f6glichen es, die Reaktion des Zeigestifts auf Ihre Ber\'fchrungen anzupassen.\par
\par
Zur Konfiguration der Empfindlichkeitseinstellungen w\'e4hlen Sie ein Element aus dem Men\'fc \b Empfindlichkeit\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Der Regler \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0  legt fest, wie fest Sie mit dem Finger dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, um den Cursor mit einer bestimmten Geschwindigkeit zu bewegen. Falls unerwartete Cursorbewegungen auftreten, schieben Sie den Regler nach rechts in Richtung \b Starker Druck\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Legt fest, ob Dr\'fccken auf den Zeigestift zum Ziehen von Objekten auf dem Bildschirm verwendet werden kann.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Diese Schaltfl\'e4che \'f6ffnet das Lernprogramm f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Dieser Abschnitt legt das Verhalten des TouchPad fest, wenn ein externes PS2-Ger\'e4t angeschlossen ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Erlaubt gleichzeitigen Betrieb des TouchPad und des externen PS2-Ger\'e4tes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Deaktiviert das TouchPad, wenn ein externes PS2-Ger\'e4t angeschlossen ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Legt fest, wie weit eine Seite beim Drehen des Tastenrads um eine Position bewegt wird. Die Bewegung kann eine bestimmte Anzahl von Zeilen oder den gesamten Bildschirm umfassen.\par
\par
Wie viele Zeilen zu einem "Bildschirm" geh\'f6ren, h\'e4ngt von der Gr\'f6\'dfe des Fensters und der benutzten Anwendung ab. Es entspricht dem Dr\'fccken auf Seite \- oder Seite \'af auf der Tastatur oder dem Klicken auf die Bildlaufleiste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Klicken Sie hier, um die Anzahl der Zeilen einzustellen, die beim Drehen des Tastenrads um eine Position weiterbewegt werden. M\'f6glicherweise m\'fcssen Sie die Anwendung schlie\'dfen und neu starten, bevor diese Einstellung wirksam wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Wenn Sie hier klicken, bewirkt das Drehen des Tastenrads um eine Position einen Bildlauf von der Gr\'f6\'dfe eines gesamten Bildschirms. M\'f6glicherweise m\'fcssen Sie die Anwendung schlie\'dfen und neu starten, bevor diese Einstellung wirksam wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Mit diesen Optionen k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, welches Fenster oder Element bei Verwendung des virtuellen Bildlaufs bewegt wird. W\'e4hlen Sie die Optionen f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf, die Sie aktivieren m\'f6chten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Aktion f\'fcr Dr\'fccken und Ausw\'e4hlen\b0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen den Zeigestift so konfigurieren, dass er einen rechten oder linken Mausklick durchf\'fchrt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen\b0\par
Bei einer Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung streichen Sie mit drei Fingern in einer geraden, fortlaufenden Bewegung von oben nach unten \'fcber das TouchPad und heben dann alle drei Finger gleichzeitig an.\par
\par
Mit einer Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung k\'f6nnen Sie verschiedene Funktionen ausl\'f6sen, beispielsweise eine Webseite im Standard-Browser aufrufen. Immer wenn Sie diese Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung ausf\'fchren, wird automatisch Ihr Webbrowser ge\'f6ffnet und die angegebene Seite geladen.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren. Es gibt zwei m\'f6gliche Richtungen f\'fcr eine Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung: von oben nach unten und von unten nach oben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen f\'fcr die folgenden Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen, die links im Men\'fcbaum angezeigt werden, eine Funktion konfigurieren:\par
\par
\b Oben\b0 : mit drei Fingern von unten nach oben in einer vertikalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen.\par
\par
\b Unten\b0 : mit drei Fingern von oben nach unten in einer vertikalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen.\par
\par
So konfigurieren Sie eine Funktion f\'fcr eine Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Stellen Sie sicher, dass das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0  aktiviert ist.\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie links im Men\'fcbaum eine Option aus. W\'e4hlen Sie die Option aus, die dem Endpunkt f\'fcr die Bewegungsrichtung entspricht. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung konfigurieren m\'f6chten, die unten beginnt und oben endet, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Oben\b0  aus.\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine Funktion aus der Liste oben aus, um sie der ausgew\'e4hlten Bewegung zuzuweisen. Immer wenn Sie diese Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegung ausf\'fchren, wird die ausgew\'e4hlte Funktion ausgef\'fchrt.\par
4.\tab F\'fcr viele Funktionen ist keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration erforderlich. Werden jedoch weitere Daten ben\'f6tigt, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Konfigurationsdialogfeld angezeigt. Klicken Sie zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 , um die Konfiguration der Funktion anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Wenn eine Funktion nicht aus der Liste ausgew\'e4hlt werden kann, stellen Sie sicher, dass die Optionen aktiviert sind. F\'fchren Sie zur Aktivierung der Optionen die folgenden Schritte aus:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie im Men\'fcbaum links die Option \b Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen\b0 .\par
2.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie aus dem Men\'fcbaum den Endpunkt f\'fcr die Bewegung aus, um zu dieser Seite zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen\b0\par
Bei einer Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung streichen Sie mit zwei Fingern in einer geraden, fortlaufenden Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad, und zwar von einer Seite (oder Ecke) zur gegen\'fcberliegenden Seite (oder Ecke). Anschlie\'dfend heben Sie beide Finger gleichzeitig an.\par
\par
Mit einer Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung k\'f6nnen Sie verschiedene Funktionen ausl\'f6sen, beispielsweise eine Webseite im Standard-Browser aufrufen. Immer wenn Sie diese Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung ausf\'fchren, wird automatisch Ihr Webbrowser ge\'f6ffnet und die angegebene Seite geladen.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren. Es gibt acht m\'f6gliche Richtungen f\'fcr eine Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung.\par
\par
Einige der Zeigebewegungsrichtungen sind m\'f6glicherweise nicht auf allen Ger\'e4ten verf\'fcgbar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen f\'fcr die folgenden Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen, die links im Men\'fcbaum angezeigt werden, eine Funktion konfigurieren:\par
\par
\b Oben\b0 : mit zwei Fingern von unten nach oben in einer vertikalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen.\par
\par
\b Ecke rechts oben:\b0  mit zwei Fingern in einer diagonalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen, und zwar von der linken unteren zur rechten oberen Ecke.\par
\par
\b Rechts:\b0  mit zwei Fingern in einer horizontalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen, und zwar von der linken zur rechten Seite.\par
\par
\b Ecke rechts unten:\b0  mit zwei Fingern in einer diagonalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen, und zwar von der linken oberen zur rechten unteren Ecke.\par
\par
\b Unten\b0 : mit zwei Fingern von oben nach unten in einer vertikalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen.\par
\par
\b Ecke links unten:\b0  mit zwei Fingern in einer diagonalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen, und zwar von der rechten oberen zur linken unteren Ecke.\par
\par
\b Links:\b0  mit zwei Fingern in einer horizontalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen, und zwar von der rechten zur linken Seite.\par
\par
\b Ecke links oben:\b0  mit zwei Fingern in einer diagonalen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad streichen, und zwar von der rechten unteren zur linken oberen Ecke.\par
\par
So konfigurieren Sie eine Funktion f\'fcr eine Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Stellen Sie sicher, dass das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0  aktiviert ist.\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie links im Men\'fcbaum eine Option aus. W\'e4hlen Sie die Option aus, die dem Endpunkt f\'fcr die Bewegungsrichtung entspricht. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung konfigurieren m\'f6chten, die unten beginnt und oben endet, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Oben\b0  aus.\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine Funktion aus der Liste oben aus, um sie der ausgew\'e4hlten Bewegung zuzuweisen. Immer wenn Sie diese Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegung ausf\'fchren, wird die ausgew\'e4hlte Funktion ausgef\'fchrt.\par
4.\tab F\'fcr viele Funktionen ist keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration erforderlich. Werden jedoch weitere Daten ben\'f6tigt, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Konfigurationsdialogfeld angezeigt. Klicken Sie zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 , um die Konfiguration der Funktion anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Wenn eine Funktion nicht aus der Liste ausgew\'e4hlt werden kann, stellen Sie sicher, dass die Optionen aktiviert sind. F\'fchren Sie zur Aktivierung der Optionen die folgenden Schritte aus:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie im Men\'fcbaum links die Option \b Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen\b0 .\par
2.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Zwei-Finger-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie aus dem Men\'fcbaum den Endpunkt f\'fcr die Bewegung aus, um zu dieser Seite zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
Im Fenster \b Eigenschaften\b0  k\'f6nnen die Einstellungen f\'fcr das Zeigeger\'e4t konfiguriert werden. Verwenden Sie die Men\'fcs links, um auf die benutzereinstellbaren Funktionen zuzugreifen.\par
\par
\b Verwenden des Fensters "Eigenschaften"\b0\par
Klicken Sie auf eine Funktion im Men\'fc, um alle m\'f6glichen Einstellungen daf\'fcr anzuzeigen. Die Einstellungen f\'fcr einige Funktionen nehmen mehr als eine Seite in Anspruch. Klicken Sie auf \b +\b0  (Pluszeichen) neben einer Funktion, um alle dazugeh\'f6rigen Seiten einzusehen. Die Einstellungen erscheinen im Fenster rechts neben der Men\'fcliste. Informationen \'fcber die Optionen sowie Anweisungen zur \'c4nderung erscheinen in diesem Informationsfeld. Sie k\'f6nnen die Bildlaufleiste verwenden, um den Inhalt des Informationsfelds vollst\'e4ndig anzuzeigen.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "Alle Standardeinstellungen wiederherstellen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Alle Standardeinstellungen wiederherstellen\b0  setzt alle Einstellungen jeder Seite auf die Werkseinstellungen zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "Alle Seiten-Standardeinstellungen wiederherstellen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Alle Seiten-Standardeinstellungen\b0  \b wiederherstellen\b0  setzt alle Einstellungen der aktuellen Seite auf die Werkseinstellungen zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "OK"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b OK\b0  speichert die \'c4nderungen und schlie\'dft das Fenster Eigenschaften.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "Abbrechen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Abbrechen\b0  schlie\'dft das Fenster Eigenschaften, ohne \'c4nderungen zu speichern, und stellt die vorigen Einstellungen wieder her.\par
\par
\b Schaltfl\'e4che "\'dcbernehmen"\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b\'dcbernehmen\b0  speichert die \'c4nderungen. Das Fenster Eigenschaften bleibt aber ge\'f6ffnet, sodass Sie weitere \'c4nderungen vornehmen k\'f6nnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  erm\'f6glicht mit einem TouchPad den Bildlauf auf Webseiten, Dokumenten und anderen Elementen. Ber\'fchren Sie einfach die Bildlaufleiste - den \'e4u\'dferen Rand des TouchPad - und f\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegungen aus. Eine kleine Erh\'f6hung auf der Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad hilft Ihnen dabei. Sie sind jedoch nicht nur auf den \'e4u\'dferen Rand beschr\'e4nkt, sobald Sie mit dem Bildlauf begonnen haben. Es reicht, wenn Sie in der Bildlaufleiste beginnen. Sie k\'f6nnen auch die Mitte des TouchPad mit dem Finger ber\'fchren und durch kleine Kreisbewegungen bl\'e4ttern. Heben Sie einfach den Finger an, um den Bildlauf zu beenden.\par
\par
Die Optionen f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf umfassen folgende Funktionen: vertikaler Bildlauf (nach oben und nach unten), vertikaler und horizontaler Bildlauf (nach oben, nach unten, nach links und nach rechts), Bildlauf-Audio (Soundeffekte) oder kein Bildlauf.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option, um nach oben bzw. nach unten zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
Zum Bl\'e4ttern nach unten ber\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger die Bildlaufleiste, und f\'fchren Sie eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung im Uhrzeigersinn aus.\par
\par
Zum Bl\'e4ttern nach oben ber\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger die Bildlaufleiste, und f\'fchren Sie eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung gegen den Uhrzeigersinn aus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Vertikalen und horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option, um nach oben, nach unten, nach links oder nach rechts zu bl\'e4ttern. Die rechte Seite der Bildlaufleiste steuert den vertikalen Bildlauf. Der untere Bereich der Bildlaufleiste steuert den horizontalen Bildlauf.\par
\par
Zum Bl\'e4ttern nach unten ber\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger die Bildlaufleiste, und f\'fchren Sie eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung im Uhrzeigersinn aus.\par
\par
Um nach oben zu bl\'e4ttern, ber\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger die rechte Seite der Bildlaufleiste, und f\'fchren Sie eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung gegen den Uhrzeigersinn aus.\par
\par
Zum Bl\'e4ttern nach rechts ber\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger den unteren Bereich der Bildlaufleiste, und f\'fchren Sie eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung gegen den Uhrzeigersinn aus.\par
\par
Um nach links zu bl\'e4ttern, ber\'fchren Sie mit dem Finger den unteren Bereich der Bildlaufleiste, und f\'fchren Sie eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung im Uhrzeigersinn aus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Bildlauf-Audio aktivieren\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option aus, um den Bildlauf mit Soundeffekten zu untermalen.\par
\par
HINWEIS: Sie m\'fcssen \b Vertikalen Bildlauf\b0  oder \b Vertikalen und horizontalen Bildlauf\b0  ausw\'e4hlen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Bildlauf deaktivieren\b0\par
Wenn Sie keine der Funktionen des vertikalen Bildlaufs verwenden m\'f6chten, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Bildlauf deaktivieren\b0  aus. Wenn diese Option ausgew\'e4hlt ist, kann die Bildlaufleiste anstelle f\'fcr den Bildlauf weiterhin f\'fcr das Zeigen und Tippen verwendet werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Beleuchtungsoptionen\b0\par
\par
Das LuxPad-Zeigeger\'e4t verf\'fcgt \'fcber eine Vielzahl von Beleuchtungsoptionen. W\'e4hlen Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beleuchtung aktivieren\b0  aus, um Ihre eigenen LuxPad-Lichteffekte einzustellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Helligkeit\b0\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen verschiedene Helligkeitsstufen ausw\'e4hlen, ganz gleich, ob das Notebook \'fcber ein Netzger\'e4t oder \'fcber einen Akku mit Strom versorgt wird. Wenn Ihnen eine lange Lebensdauer der Batterien wichtig ist, sind verschiedene Einstellungsm\'f6glichkeiten von gro\'dfem Nutzen.\par
\par
F\'fcr die \b externe Stromversorgung\b0  und die \b Stromversorgung \'fcber den Akku\b0  gibt es folgende Helligkeitsoptionen: \b Niedrig\b0 , \b Mittel\b0  und \b Hoch\b0 .\par
\par
Wenn die Optionen auf dieser Seite abgeblendet oder f\'fcr die Nutzung nicht verf\'fcgbar sind, k\'f6nnen sie aktiviert werden, indem Sie in der Men\'fcliste links auf \b Beleuchtungsoptionen\b0  klicken. Klicken Sie auf das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beleuchtung aktivieren\b0 , und kehren Sie anschlie\'dfend zur Seite \b Helligkeit\b0  zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Beleuchtungszeit\b0\par
\par
Die Seite \b Beleuchtungszeit\b0  bietet Ihnen eine Vielzahl von Optionen f\'fcr Lichteffekte.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Immer Ein\b0 , wenn das LuxPad nach Ihrer Anmeldung kontinuierlich leuchten soll.\par
\par
Die Optionen\b  Beleuchtungszeit nach Anmeldung\b0  und\b  Bei Ber\'fchrung leuchten\b0  sind nur verf\'fcgbar, wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Immer Ein\b0  deaktiviert ist. Wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Immer Ein\b0  aktiviert ist, klicken Sie darauf, um es zu deaktivieren.\par
\par
Mit dem Regler\b  Beleuchtungszeit nach Anmeldung\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, wie lange das LuxPad nach Ihrer Anmeldung leuchten soll. Bewegen Sie den Regler f\'fcr eine k\'fcrzere Dauer nach links und f\'fcr eine l\'e4ngere Dauer nach rechts.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen\b  Bei Ber\'fchrung leuchten\b0 , wenn das LuxPad durch die Ber\'fchrung der Oberfl\'e4che leuchten soll. Das LuxPad leuchtet immer, wenn Sie es ber\'fchren.\par
\par
Wenn die Optionen auf dieser Seite abgeblendet oder f\'fcr die Nutzung nicht verf\'fcgbar sind, k\'f6nnen sie aktiviert werden, indem Sie in der Men\'fcliste links auf \b Beleuchtungsoptionen\b0  klicken. Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beleuchtung aktivieren\b0 , und kehren Sie anschlie\'dfend zur Seite\b  Beleuchtungszeit\b0  zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Um den Cursor mit dem Zeigestift oder dem TouchPad zu bewegen, w\'e4hlen Sie die entsprechende Option \b Aktivieren\b0  aus.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen sowohl den Zeigestift als auch das TouchPad aktivieren. Anschlie\'dfend k\'f6nnen Sie mit beiden den Cursor bewegen.\par
\par
Um die Tasten des Zeigestifts oder des TouchPad zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie die entsprechende Option \b Aktivieren\b0  aus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b Deaktivieren\b0  f\'fcr das Ger\'e4t oder die Tasten des Ger\'e4ts, die Sie nicht verwenden m\'f6chten. Dadurch wird ein versehentliches Aktivieren beim Tippen oder Zeigen vermieden.\par
\par
Hinweis: Sie k\'f6nnen den Zeigestift und das TouchPad nicht gleichzeitig deaktivieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Um die Aktion durch Dr\'fccken der \b linken Taste\b0 , \b beider Tasten\b0  oder der \b rechten Taste\b0  zu \'e4ndern, klicken Sie in der Dropdown-Liste auf die Nach-unten-Taste, damit die Optionen angezeigt werden. W\'e4hlen Sie die gew\'fcnschte Aktion aus.\par
\par
Werden weitere Daten \'fcber die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion ben\'f6tigt, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Werden weitere Daten \'fcber die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion ben\'f6tigt, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert. Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 , und geben Sie die ben\'f6tigten Daten im angezeigten Dialogfeld ein. Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b OK\b0 , um die Einstellungen zu speichern, und schlie\'dfen Sie das Dialogfeld.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen die Einstellungen jederzeit ansehen oder \'e4ndern, indem Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen die Standardeinstellungen f\'fcr alle Elemente in dem Fenster wiederherstellen, indem Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippen = Klicken\b0 , um mit einem Fingertipp einen Klick mit der linken Taste auszuf\'fchren. Ein Fingertipp ist eine schnelle Ab-/Auf-Bewegung.\par
\par
Wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen deaktiviert ist, kann ein Klick mit der linken Taste nur durch das Dr\'fccken einer Taste ausgef\'fchrt werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Zum Ziehen von Objekten ohne eine TouchPad-Taste zu dr\'fccken aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippen und Ziehen\b0 .\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu verwenden, tippen Sie auf ein Objekt, um es auszuw\'e4hlen, und ber\'fchren Sie anschlie\'dfend schnell das TouchPad. Bewegen Sie den Finger in die Richtung, in die Sie das Objekt ziehen m\'f6chten. Heben Sie den Finger an, um das Objekt loszulassen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Weiterziehen,\b0  um Objekte mithilfe mehrerer Fingerbewegungen \'fcber den Bildschirm zu ziehen.\par
\par
W\'e4hlen Sie ein Objekt durch Tippen aus, um die Funktion \b Weiterziehen\b0  zu verwenden. Streichen Sie so oft mit dem Finger \'fcber das TouchPad, bis sich das Objekt an der gew\'fcnschten Position befindet. Sie brauchen den Finger nicht auf dem Pad zu lassen. Das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt wird nicht losgelassen, bis Sie auf das TouchPad tippen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Mit diesem Regler k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie fest Sie mit dem Finger dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, damit das TouchPad reagiert. Falls unerwartete Cursorbewegungen auftreten, schieben Sie den Regler nach rechts.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b PalmCheck aktivieren\b0 , um unerwartete Cursorbewegungen beim Tippen zu verhindern.\par
\par
Mit PalmCheck erkennt das TouchPad, wenn Ihre Hand darauf ruht bzw. beim Tippen gelegentlich die Oberfl\'e4che ber\'fchrt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Verwenden Sie diesen Regler, um die PalmCheck-Empfindlichkeit anzupassen.\par
\par
Falls das TouchPad unerw\'fcnschte Cursorbewegungen oder Tastenklicks verzeichnet, erh\'f6hen Sie die PalmCheck-Einstellung, indem Sie den Regler nach rechts verschieben. Wenn Sie den Regler jedoch ganz nach rechts in Richtung \b Maximieren\b0  verschieben, treten verpasste Bewegungen und Tippaktionen h\'e4ufiger auf.\par
\par
Wenn beim TouchPad verpasste Bewegungen und Tippaktionen auftreten, verringern Sie die PalmCheck-Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Regler nach links verschieben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
Mithilfe von EdgeMotion bewegt sich der Cursor weiter, wenn Sie den Rand des TouchPad erreichen.\par
\par
Ohne EdgeMotion m\'fcssen Sie das TouchPad mithilfe mehrerer Fingerbewegungen ber\'fchren oder die Cursor-Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit in der Registerkarte \b Zeigeroptionen\b0  erh\'f6hen, um den Cursor leicht \'fcber lange Distanzen bewegen zu k\'f6nnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beim Ziehen\b0  (Tippen-und-Ziehen und Weiterziehen), um \i EdgeMotion\i0  f\'fcr Ziehbewegungen zu verwenden.\par
\par
Mithilfe von EdgeMotion bewegt sich der Cursor weiter, wenn Sie den Rand des TouchPad erreichen.\par
\par
Wenn diese Option gew\'e4hlt ist, tritt EdgeMotion bei gew\'f6hnlichen Cursorbewegungen nicht auf.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beim Zeigen\b0 , um \i EdgeMotion\i0  immer dann zu verwenden, wenn Sie den Rand des TouchPad erreichen.\par
\par
Mithilfe von EdgeMotion bewegt sich der Cursor weiter, wenn Sie den Rand des TouchPad erreichen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beim Bildlauf\b0 , um \i EdgeMotion\i0  in der \b virtuellen Bildlauffunktion\b0  zu verwenden.\par
\par
Mithilfe von EdgeMotion bewegt sich der Cursor weiter, wenn Sie den Rand des TouchPad erreichen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Dieses Diagramm repr\'e4sentiert die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Der markierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Bereiche f\'fcr EdgeMotion auf dem TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken, wird die Position Ihres Fingers durch Pfeile am Rand des Diagramms angezeigt. Falls sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven EdgeMotion-Bereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Bereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben. Sie k\'f6nnen die EdgeMotion-Bereiche vergr\'f6\'dfern oder verkleinern, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand der markierten Bereiche verschieben.\par
\par
Falls Sie mit dem Aktivieren von EdgeMotion Schwierigkeiten haben, vergr\'f6\'dfern Sie den EdgeMotion-Bereich, indem Sie die R\'e4nder der markierten Abschnitte nach innen bewegen. Falls EdgeMotion zu einfach ausgel\'f6st wird, verkleinern Sie den EdgeMotion-Bereich.\par
\par
Falls die EdgeMotion-Bereiche abgeblendet sind und nicht eingestellt werden k\'f6nnen, w\'e4hlen Sie eine der Optionen f\'fcr EdgeMotion aus, und vergr\'f6\'dfern bzw. verkleinern Sie anschlie\'dfend die Bereiche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um eine druckempfindliche Geschwindigkeit zu verwenden. Wenn diese Option gew\'e4hlt ist, bewegt sich der Cursor durch einen festeren Fingerdruck schneller.\par
\par
Deaktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Geschwindigkeit durch Fingerdruck regulieren\b0 , um eine konstante Geschwindigkeit zu verwenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Verwenden Sie diesen Regler, um die Edge-Motion-Geschwindigkeit einzustellen, wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Geschwindigkeit durch Fingerdruck regulieren\b0  deaktiviert ist. Verschieben Sie f\'fcr eine schnellere EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit den Regler nach rechts und f\'fcr eine langsamere EdgeMotion-Geschwindigkeit nach links.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippbereiche aktivieren\b0 , um einen Tippbereich f\'fcr eine Funktion zu konfigurieren. Jede Ecke der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che kann als Tippbereich konfiguriert werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie aus der Dropdown-Liste eine Option, um einem Tippbereich eine Aktion zuzuweisen. Wenn f\'fcr die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion weitere Daten ben\'f6tigt werden, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Dieses Diagramm repr\'e4sentiert die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Die markierten Bereiche im Diagramm zeigen die aktiven Tippbereiche auf dem TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken, wird die Position Ihres Fingers durch Pfeile am Rand des Diagramms angezeigt. Falls sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven Tippbereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Tippbereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben. Sie k\'f6nnen die Tippbereiche vergr\'f6\'dfern oder verkleinern, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate in den Ecken der markierten Bereiche verschieben.\par
\par
Falls Sie Schwierigkeiten damit haben, die Aktion eines Tippbereichs auszul\'f6sen, versuchen Sie, diesen Bereich zu vergr\'f6\'dfern. Wenn die Aktion eines Tippbereichs zu einfach ausgel\'f6st wird, k\'f6nnen Sie den Bereich verkleinern.\par
\par
Falls die Tippbereiche abgeblendet sind und nicht eingestellt werden k\'f6nnen, aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippbereiche aktivieren\b0 , um die Tippbereiche zu vergr\'f6\'dfern bzw. zu verkleinern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Zur\'fcck/Weiter-Zeigebewegungen aktivieren\b0 , um mit einer Streichbewegung in einem Webbrowser-Fenster auf \b Zur\'fcck\b0  oder \b Weiter\b0  tippen zu k\'f6nnen.\par
\par
Ber\'fchren Sie den oberen Rand des TouchPad und bewegen Sie Ihren Finger nach rechts oder nach links, um die Zur\'fcck/Weiter-Zeigebewegung zu verwenden. Den Finger nach links zu bewegen, bewirkt dieselbe Funktion wie das Tippen auf \b Zur\'fcck\b0 . Den Finger nach rechts zu bewegen, bewirkt dieselbe Funktion wie das Tippen auf \b Weiter\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bildlauf aktivieren,\b0  um die Funktion \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  zu verwenden.\par
\par
Wenn die Funktion \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen Sie den vertikalen Bildlauf f\'fcr das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element starten, indem Sie den Finger entlang des rechten Rands des TouchPad auf und ab bewegen. Horizontaler Bildlauf f\'fcr das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element erfolgt, wenn der Finger \'fcber den unteren Rand des TouchPad bewegt wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf diese Schaltfl\'e4che, um die Optionen f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf anzuzeigen und die Einstellungen anzupassen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b Bildlauf f\'fcr gew\'e4hltes Element\b0 , um den Bildlauf im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element auszuf\'fchren. Das ausgew\'e4hlte Element ist gew\'f6hnlich das letzte Fenster, der letzte Fensterbereich oder das letzte Element, auf den bzw. auf das Sie geklickt haben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Option, um den Bildlauf in einem Element auszuf\'fchren, das sich in einer aktiven Anwendung unter dem Cursor befindet. Diese Option erlaubt den Bildlauf in einem Element, das sich unter dem Cursor befindet, ohne dass Sie zuerst auf das Element klicken m\'fcssen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Automatisch weiter aktivieren\b0 , um einen einfachen Bildlauf durch lange Dokumente zu erm\'f6glichen. Wenn die Funktion aktiviert ist, wird der virtuelle Bildlauf fortgesetzt, nachdem Sie den Finger vom TouchPad angehoben haben.\par
\par
Um \b Automatisch weiter\b0  zu verwenden, bewegen Sie den Finger gleichm\'e4\'dfig, und heben Sie ihn dann an. Um \b Automatisch weiter\b0  zu beenden, ber\'fchren Sie das TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Dieses Diagramm repr\'e4sentiert die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad. Der markierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Bereiche f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf auf dem TouchPad.\par
\par
Wenn Sie mit dem Finger auf das TouchPad dr\'fccken, wird die Position Ihres Fingers durch Pfeile am Rand des Diagramms angezeigt. Falls sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven virtuellen Bildlaufbereich des TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Bereich im Diagramm farblich hervorgehoben. Sie k\'f6nnen die virtuellen Bildlaufbereiche vergr\'f6\'dfern oder verkleinern, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand der markierten Bereiche verschieben.\par
\par
Falls Sie mit dem Ausl\'f6sen des virtuellen Bildlaufs Schwierigkeiten haben, vergr\'f6\'dfern Sie den virtuellen Bildlaufbereich, indem Sie die R\'e4nder der markierten Abschnitte nach innen bewegen. Falls der virtuelle Bildlauf zu einfach ausgel\'f6st wird, verkleinern Sie den virtuellen Bildlaufbereich.\par
\par
Falls die Bereiche f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf abgeblendet sind und nicht eingestellt werden k\'f6nnen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 , und vergr\'f6\'dfern bzw. verkleinern Sie diese Bereiche anschlie\'dfend.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf \b Lernprogramm\b0 , um das Lernprogramm f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf zu starten. Dieses einfache Labyrinth hilft Ihnen dabei, die virtuelle Bildlauffunktion zu erlernen.\par
\par
Hinweis: Vergewissern Sie sich, dass die Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  und \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  markiert sind.\par
\par
Sehen Sie sich das Labyrinth an, bevor Sie nach Start- und Endpunkt suchen. Sie k\'f6nnen nicht das gesamte Labyrinth sehen. Es ist gr\'f6\'dfer als das Anzeigefenster. Verwenden Sie den virtuellen Bildlauf, um das Labyrinth im Fenster zu verschieben. Halten Sie beim virtuellen Bildlauf die \b Strg-Taste\b0  gedr\'fcckt, um das Labyrinth zu vergr\'f6\'dfern bzw. zu verkleinern.\par
\par
Ein gelber Punkt in der oberen linken Ecke des Labyrinths markiert den Eingang. Der Ausgang ist durch einen blauen Punkt auf der rechten Seite gekennzeichnet.\par
\par
Gehen Sie wie folgt vor:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicken Sie auf das rote Quadrat innerhalb des gelben Punktes, um zu beginnen.\par
2.\tab Verwenden Sie die \b Pfeiltasten\b0  oder tippen Sie auf das TouchPad, um durch das Labyrinth zu navigieren.\par
3.\tab Verwenden Sie den virtuellen Bildlauf, um das Labyrinth zu verschieben.\par
4.\tab Wenn Sie den blauen Punkt in der unteren rechten Ecke erreicht haben, klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Schlie\'dfen\b0  im Fenster des \b Lernprogramms\b0  f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontaler Bildlauf\b0 , um in Fenstern mit horizontalen Bildlaufleisten den virtuellen horizontalen Bildlauf zu aktivieren. Horizontaler Bildlauf f\'fcr das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element erfolgt, wenn der Finger entlang des unteren Rands des TouchPad bewegt wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikaler Bildlauf\b0 , um in Fenstern mit vertikalen Bildlaufleisten den virtuellen vertikalen Bildlauf zu aktivieren. Bewegen Sie den Finger entlang des rechten Rands des TouchPad auf und ab, um den vertikalen Bildlauf f\'fcr das gew\'e4hlte Fenster oder Element zu starten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Dieser Regler erm\'f6glicht die Einstellung der Geschwindigkeit f\'fcr den virtuellen Bildlauf. Durch Ziehen nach rechts wird die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit erh\'f6ht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0 , um durch Tippen und Dr\'fccken eine bestimmte Aktion durchzuf\'fchren. Aktionen werden in der Dropdown-Liste \b Aktion "Tippen"\b0  zugewiesen.\par
\par
\i Tippen \i0 bedeutet eine kurze Ber\'fchrung mit dem Finger auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts. Eine leichte, kurze Ber\'fchrung ist am besten. Sehr feste oder langsame Ber\'fchrungen sind weniger effektiv. Tippen Sie einmal f\'fcr einen einfachen Klick oder zweimal schnell hintereinander f\'fcr einen Doppelklick.\par
\par
\i Dr\'fccken\i0  bedeutet einen schnellen Druck mit dem Finger auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts. Eine leichte, bewusste Ber\'fchrung ist am besten. Dr\'fccken Sie direkt nach unten, um Klicken und Festhalten einer Maustaste zu simulieren. Dr\'fccken Sie direkt nach unten und dann zur Seite, um in eine bestimmte Richtung zu ziehen. Heben Sie den Finger ab, um das gezogene Objekt loszulassen.\par
\par
Wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0  deaktiviert ist, m\'fcssen Sie eine Taste dr\'fccken, um einen Klick mit der linken Taste auszuf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um unerw\'fcnschte Klicks w\'e4hrend des Tippens zu vermeiden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie aus der Dropdown-Liste \b Aktion "Tippen"\b0  eine Option, um dem Tippen auf den Zeigestift eine Aktion zuzuweisen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Bewegen Sie diesen Regler, um festzulegen, wie schnell Sie mit dem Zeigestift f\'fcr Klicks und Doppelklicks tippen m\'fcssen.\par
\par
Wenn die Geschwindigkeit zu niedrig ist, k\'f6nnen unerw\'fcnschte Klicks oder Verz\'f6gerungen beim Cursor oder beim Ziehen auftreten. Wenn die Geschwindigkeit zu hoch ist, ist es schwierig, die Funktion \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0  zu verwenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 , um den virtuellen Bildlauf zu aktivieren. Wenn diese Option gew\'e4hlt ist, kann der Zeigestift nur f\'fcr den horizontalen oder vertikalen virtuellen Bildlauf verwendet werden. Sie m\'fcssen das TouchPad oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um den Cursor zu bewegen.\par
\par
Dr\'fccken Sie den Zeigestift in die Richtung, in die Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, um den virtuellen Bildlauf zu verwenden. Heben Sie den Finger vom Zeigestift ab, um den Bildlauf zu beenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Verwenden Sie diesen Regler, um die Geschwindigkeit des \b virtuellen Bildlaufs\b0  anzupassen. Bewegen Sie den Regler nach rechts, um die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit zu erh\'f6hen, und nach links, um die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit zu senken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Verwenden Sie den Regler \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0 , um festzulegen, wie fest Sie mit dem Zeigestift bei Cursorbewegungen und bei der Funktion \b Dr\'fccken-und-Ausw\'e4hlen\b0  dr\'fccken m\'fcssen.\par
\par
Bewegen Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0 , um weniger fest zu dr\'fccken.\par
\par
Bewegen Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Starker Druck\b0 , um fester zu dr\'fccken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Mauszeiger stoppt am Fensterrand\b0 , damit der Cursor im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster bleibt. Wenn der Cursor am Fensterrand angehalten wird, ist es einfacher, Steuerelemente zu w\'e4hlen, die in der N\'e4he eines Fensters angeordnet sind.\par
\par
Wenn diese Option gew\'e4hlt ist, bleibt der Cursor am Rand stehen, wenn Sie zum ersten Mal versuchen, den Cursor aus dem Fenster zu bewegen. Wenn Sie es zum zweiten Mal versuchen, verl\'e4sst der Cursor das Fenster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie aus der Dropdown-Liste \b Taste f\'fcr langsame Bewegung\b0  eine Option, um die Position des Cursors genauer einzustellen. Mit dieser Funktion k\'f6nnen Sie die Cursorgeschwindigkeit vermindern.\par
\par
Um die Funktion \b Langsame Bewegung\b0  zu verwenden, dr\'fccken Sie die gew\'e4hlte Taste und halten Sie sie gedr\'fcckt, w\'e4hrend Sie den Cursor bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie diese Funktion, wenn ein Dialogfenster auf dem Bildschirm erscheint, um den Cursor automatisch auf die Standardeinstellungen zu bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie aus der Dropdown-Liste \b Taste f\'fcr eingeschr\'e4nkten Cursor\b0  eine Option, um den Cursor auf ausschlie\'dflich horizontale oder vertikale Bewegung auf dem Bildschirm zu beschr\'e4nken.\par
\par
Dr\'fccken Sie die gew\'e4hlte Taste und halten Sie sie gedr\'fcckt, wenn Sie die eingeschr\'e4nkte Cursorbewegung verwenden m\'f6chten. Wenn die Taste gedr\'fcckt wird, legt die anf\'e4ngliche Richtung der Cursorbewegung fest, welche Bewegungsrichtung erlaubt ist, solange der Finger auf dem TouchPad gehalten wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Animiert\b0 , um Feedback \'fcber Ihre Zeigeaktionen zu erhalten. Das Symbol \b Animiert\b0  wird in der Windows-Taskleiste angezeigt. Doppelklicken Sie auf dieses Symbol, um auf das Fenster \b Mauseigenschaften\b0  zuzugreifen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Zeigeraktualisierungsgeschwindigkeit \b Schnell\b0 , um eine sehr gleichm\'e4\'dfige Cursorbewegung zu erzeugen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Falls der Cursor aber ungleichm\'e4\'dfig erscheint oder auf dem Bildschirm flackert, w\'e4hlen Sie die Aktualisierungsgeschwindigkeit \b Langsam\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Dies ist die Versionsnummer Ihres Synaptics TouchPad-Treibers.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Um die neuesten Informationen \'fcber die Patente von Synaptics zu erhalten, besuchen Sie unsere Website unter: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dualmodus\b0\par
Mit der Funktion \b Dualmodus\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie vom Cursor- in den Tastenmodus wechseln. Im Tastenmodus sind mithilfe der virtuellen Tasten auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che praktische Shortcuts zu h\'e4ufig verwendeten Anwendungen m\'f6glich. Mithilfe eines Lautst\'e4rkereglers kann die Lautst\'e4rke schnell und einfach angepasst werden.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b In den Tastenmodus wechseln durch Tippen in die Ecke rechts oben\b0 , um Dualmodus zu aktivieren.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie den Tastenmodus:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Tippen Sie auf die Taste f\'fcr das Wechseln des Betriebsmodus. Diese Taste befindet sich auf dem TouchPad in der Ecke rechts oben \'fcber dem Lautst\'e4rkeregler.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Tippen Sie auf die virtuelle Taste f\'fcr die Anwendung, die Sie starten m\'f6chten. Das TouchPad wechselt nach dem \'d6ffnen der Anwendung automatisch in den Cursormodus zur\'fcck.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hinweis: Wenn Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bei angeschlossenem externen Ger\'e4t immer im Tastenmodus\b0  aktivieren, kann der Tastenmodus bei einem angeschlossenen externen Zeigeger\'e4t (wie z.B. einer Maus) verwendet werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
\b Tastenmodusoptionen\b0\par
Es k\'f6nnen sechs virtuelle Tasten entsprechend Ihren Bed\'fcrfnissen konfiguriert werden. Die oberen drei virtuellen Tasten verf\'fcgen \'fcber Standardeinstellungen, w\'e4hrend die anderen nicht konfiguriert sind. Die Standardeinstellungen f\'fcr die konfigurierten virtuellen Tasten sind folgende:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben links wird die zugewiesene E-Mail-Anwendung ge\'f6ffnet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben in der Mitte wird die Anwendung ConfigFree ge\'f6ffnet. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in der Toshiba Online-Hilfe.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben rechts wird das Element im aktiven Fenster an den Drucker gesendet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
\b Tastenmodusoptionen\b0\par
Es k\'f6nnen sechs virtuelle Tasten entsprechend Ihren Bed\'fcrfnissen konfiguriert werden. Vier der virtuellen Tasten verf\'fcgen \'fcber Standardeinstellungen, w\'e4hrend die anderen nicht konfiguriert sind. Die Standardeinstellungen f\'fcr die konfigurierten virtuellen Tasten sind folgende:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben links wird die zugewiesene E-Mail-Anwendung ge\'f6ffnet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben in der Mitte wird der zugewiesene Webbrowser ge\'f6ffnet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben rechts wird die Anwendung BeatJam ge\'f6ffnet. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in der Toshiba Online-Hilfe.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste unten links wird die Toshiba Online-Hilfe ge\'f6ffnet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Tastenpr\'fcfung\b0  sch\'fctzt vor Ausf\'fchrung einer Tastenaktion durch eine versehentliche Ber\'fchrung. Die Tasten erkennen, wenn Ihre Hand darauf ruht bzw. beim Tippen gelegentlich die Oberfl\'e4che ber\'fchrt. Auf diese Weise wird eine ungewollte Aktivierung der Tasten verhindert.\par
\par
Wenn die Taste h\'e4ufig ungewollt ausgel\'f6st wird, erh\'f6hen Sie die Tastenpr\'fcfungs-Einstellung, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Maximum\b0  bewegen. Wenn die Taste h\'e4ufig nicht ausgel\'f6st wird, senken Sie die Tastenpr\'fcfungs-Einstellung, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Minimum\b0  bewegen. Je weiter der Schieberegler rechts steht, desto h\'e4ufiger kommt es vor, dass Tastenber\'fchrungen nicht registriert werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Um die Aktion beim Ber\'fchren einer Taste zu konfigurieren, w\'e4hlen Sie die Taste aus der Men\'fcliste aus. Sie k\'f6nnen Taste 1 zum Beispiel so konfigurieren, dass eine Webseite im Standardbrowser aufgerufen wird. Immer wenn Sie Taste 1 dr\'fccken, wird automatisch der Webbrowser mit der angegebenen Seite ge\'f6ffnet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Mit der Einstellung \b Empfindlichkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, wie das TouchPad auf Ber\'fchrung reagiert. W\'e4hlen Sie zur Einstellung der Empfindlichkeit ein Element aus der Men\'fcliste \b Empfindlichkeit\b0  aus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
Mit dem Regler \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie fest Sie mit dem Finger dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, damit das TouchPad reagiert.\par
\par
Wenn das TouchPad zu empfindlich eingestellt ist oder die Luftfeuchtigkeit am Arbeitsplatz sehr hoch ist, k\'f6nnen Sie die Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit senken, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Starke Ber\'fchrung\b0  verschieben.\par
\par
Wenn Sie das TouchPad zu fest ber\'fchren m\'fcssen, damit es reagiert, erh\'f6hen Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0  verschieben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Funktion aus der Liste oben aus, um sie der ausgew\'e4hlten Taste zuzuweisen. Immer wenn Sie die Taste ber\'fchren, wird die ausgew\'e4hlte Funktion ausgef\'fchrt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
Mit dem Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Sounds aktivieren\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, dass beim Ber\'fchren einer Taste ein vom Benutzer zu konfigurierender Sound wiedergegeben wird.\par
Wenn \b Sounds aktivieren\b0  nicht aktiviert ist, wird beim Ber\'fchren der Tasten kein Sound wiedergegeben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
Bei Aktivierung des Kontrollk\'e4stchens \b Beleuchtung aktivieren\b0  werden die Tasten beleuchtet.\par
Wenn das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Beleuchtung aktivieren\b0  nicht aktiviert ist, werden die Tasten nicht beleuchtet, und das Ber\'fchren der Tasten \'e4ndert nichts an der Helligkeit der Tasten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler \b Helligkeit bei Inaktivit\'e4t\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, wie hell die Tasten beleuchtet werden, wenn sie nicht ber\'fchrt werden.\par
Wenn die Beleuchtung bei Inaktivit\'e4t zu intensiv ist, bewegen Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Wenn die Beleuchtung bei Inaktivit\'e4t zu schwach ist, bewegen Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler \b Helligkeit bei Aktivit\'e4t\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie festlegen, wie hell die Tasten beleuchtet werden, wenn sie ber\'fchrt werden.\par
Wenn die Beleuchtung bei Aktivit\'e4t zu intensiv ist, bewegen Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Wenn die Beleuchtung bei Aktivit\'e4t zu schwach ist, bewegen Sie den Regler in Richtung \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Tastenmodusoptionen\b0\par
Es k\'f6nnen sechs virtuelle Tasten entsprechend Ihren Bed\'fcrfnissen konfiguriert werden. Die oberen drei virtuellen Tasten verf\'fcgen \'fcber Standardeinstellungen; die anderen sind nicht konfiguriert. Die Standardeinstellungen f\'fcr die konfigurierten virtuellen Tasten lauten wie folgt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben links wird die zugewiesene E-Mail-Anwendung ge\'f6ffnet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben in der Mitte wird die Anwendung ConfigFree ge\'f6ffnet. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in der Toshiba Online-Hilfe.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben rechts wird die Windows-Fotogalerie ge\'f6ffnet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Um die Aktion beim Bewegen eines Fingers \'fcber einen Schieberegler zu konfigurieren, w\'e4hlen Sie den Regler aus der Men\'fcliste aus. Sie k\'f6nnen zum Beispiel festlegen, dass mit dem ersten Schieberegler die Lautst\'e4rke des Systems angepasst wird. Jedes Mal, wenn Sie den Finger \'fcber Schieberegler 1 bewegen, wird die Lautst\'e4rke erh\'f6ht bzw. reduziert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion aus der Liste oben aus, und weisen Sie sie dem ausgew\'e4hlten Schieberegler zu. Die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion wird durchgef\'fchrt, wenn Sie Ihren Finger auf dem Schieberegler nach oben oder unten bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Zeigerbewegungsgeschwindigkeit anpassen\b0\par
Mit diesem Schieberegler wird die Geschwindigkeit des Zeigers gesteuert. Sie k\'f6nnen die Zeigergeschwindigkeit w\'e4hlen, indem Sie den Schieberegler zwischen \b Langsam\b0  und \b Schnell\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Tastenmodusoptionen\b0\par
Es k\'f6nnen sechs virtuelle Tasten entsprechend Ihren Bed\'fcrfnissen konfiguriert werden. Die oberen drei virtuellen Tasten verf\'fcgen \'fcber Standardeinstellungen; die anderen sind nicht konfiguriert. Die Standardeinstellungen f\'fcr die konfigurierten virtuellen Tasten lauten wie folgt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben links wird die zugewiesene E-Mail-Anwendung ge\'f6ffnet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben in der Mitte wird die Anwendung ConfigFree ge\'f6ffnet. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in der Toshiba Online-Hilfe.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Durch Tippen auf die virtuelle Taste oben rechts wird der Ordner "Eigene Bilder" ge\'f6ffnet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Steuerleiste\par
\par
Mit der Steuerleiste k\'f6nnen Sie Schaltfl\'e4chen zum Starten Ihrer Lieblingsanwendungen konfigurieren. Sie k\'f6nnen das Look-and-Feel der Steuerleiste mithilfe der Einstellungen f\'fcr Beleuchtung, Ausblendzeitgeber und Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit \'e4ndern. Die Steuerleiste bietet auch einfachen Zugriff auf die Lautst\'e4rkeregelung f\'fcr Software-Soundeffekte.\par
\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b Aktivieren\b0 , um die Steuerleiste f\'fcr die Verwendung zu aktivieren. Wenn Sie die Steuerleiste nicht verwenden m\'f6chten, k\'f6nnen Sie die Option \b Deaktivieren\b0  verwenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
LED-Beleuchtung\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen den Schieberegler \b LED-Beleuchtung\b0  verwenden, um die Helligkeit der LEDs in der Steuerleiste zu steuern.\par
\par
Um die Helligkeit zu erh\'f6hen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts hin zu \b Hell\b0 .\par
\par
Um die Helligkeit zu reduzieren, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler nach links hin zu \b Dunkel\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Ausblendgeschwindigkeit\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen den Schieberegler \b Ausblendgeschwindigkeit\b0  verwenden, um festzulegen, wie schnell die LEDs in der Steuerleiste ausgeblendet werden, nachdem Sie die Steuerleiste ber\'fchrt und den Finger gehoben haben.\par
\par
Um langsam auszublenden, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts hin zu \b Langsam\b0 .\par
\par
Um schnell auszublenden, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler nach links hin zu \b Schnell\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\par
\par
Mit dem Schieberegler \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie anpassen, wie viel Fingerdruck Sie anwenden m\'fcssen, bevor die Steuerleiste auf Ihre Ber\'fchrung reagiert.\par
\par
Falls die Steuerleiste nicht auf Ihre Ber\'fchrung reagiert oder Sie fest dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, um sie zu bedienen, erh\'f6hen Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Schieberegler nach links hin zu \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
Falls Sie die Steuerleiste versehentlich mit einer leichten Ber\'fchrung in Betriebsbereitschaft versetzen, reduzieren Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts hin zu \b Starker Druck\b0  verschieben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Soundeffekte\par
\par
Um einen Soundeffekt einer bestimmten Aktion zuzuweisen, geben Sie eine Sounddatei an oder w\'e4hlen \'fcber \b Durchsuchen\b0  eine Sounddatei aus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Lautst\'e4rke\par
\par
Der \b Lautst\'e4rkeregler\b0  stellt eine einfache M\'f6glichkeit zum Steuern der Lautst\'e4rke von Soundeffekten dar.\par
\par
Um die Lautst\'e4rke zu erh\'f6hen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts hin zu \b Laut\b0 .\par
\par
Um die Lautst\'e4rke zu reduzieren, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler nach links hin zu \b Leise\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Anwendungen\par
\par
Um eine Schaltfl\'e4che zum Starten einer Anwendung zuzuweisen, geben Sie eine ausf\'fchrbare Datei an oder w\'e4hlen Sie \'fcber \b Durchsuchen\b0  die zu startende Anwendung aus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
Mit der Funktion \b TouchPad-Deaktivierungszone\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie das TouchPad aktivieren oder deaktivieren, indem Sie die Ecke ber\'fchren und den Finger eine kurze Weile lang stillhalten.\par
Falls das TouchPad aktiviert ist, ber\'fchren Sie die Ecke, um es zu deaktivieren. Falls das TouchPad deaktiviert ist, ber\'fchren Sie die Ecke, um es zu aktivieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler \b Mindestber\'fchrungszeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie \'e4ndern, wie lange Sie die Ecke ber\'fchren m\'fcssen, bevor das TouchPad aktiviert oder deaktiviert wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Der virtuelle Bildlauf bietet eine innovative Alternative zu herk\'f6mmlichen Bildlaufmethoden. Mit dem virtuellen Bildlauf werden die Bildlaufleisten automatisch aktiviert, sodass Sie den Zeiger nicht aus Ihrer Arbeit heraus bewegen m\'fcssen.\par
\par
Der virtuelle Bildlauf funktioniert mit den meisten bildlauff\'e4higen Fenstern, wie Textverarbeitungsdokumenten, Tabellenkalkulationen und gro\'dfen Digitalbildern. Er funktioniert auch mit anderen bildlauff\'e4higen Elementen, wie Dateilisten und Schriftartenlisten.\par
\par
Der ChiralMotion-Bildlauf, eine einmalige Bildlauffunktion, erm\'f6glicht einen kontinuierlichen Bildlauf in einer sanften kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung. Die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit wird \'fcber die Fingerbewegung gesteuert. Um einen schnellen Bildlauf auszuf\'fchren, ziehen Sie kleine schnelle Kreise. Um einen langsamen Bildlauf auszuf\'fchren, ziehen Sie gro\'dfe Kreise und bewegen Ihren Finger langsam. Die Richtung des Bildlaufs kann durch \'c4ndern der Bewegungsrichtung umgekehrt werden.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie den vertikalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie in das Fenster oder Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
3.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger auf dem rechten Rand des TouchPad in der gew\'fcnschten Richtung nach oben oder unten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie ChiralMotion f\'fcr einen vertikalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  sowie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b ChiralMotion-Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Fenster oder Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
3.\tab Setzen Sie Ihren Finger ungef\'e4hr in die Mitte des rechten Rands auf dem TouchPad.\par
4.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in der gew\'fcnschten Bildlaufrichtung nach oben oder unten, und beginnen Sie dann mit einer kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung. Ihr Finger kann in die Mitte des TouchPad rutschen, wenn eine Bewegung im oder gegen den Uhrzeigersinn durchgef\'fchrt wird.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie den horizontalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Fenster oder Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
3.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in der gew\'fcnschten Bildlaufrichtung nach links oder rechts auf dem unteren Rand des TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie ChiralMotion f\'fcr einen horizontalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  sowie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b ChiralMotion-Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Fenster oder Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
3.\tab Setzen Sie den Finger ungef\'e4hr in die Mitte am unteren Rand des TouchPad.\par
4.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in der gew\'fcnschten Bildlaufrichtung nach links oder rechts, und machen Sie dann eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung. Wenn Sie eine Bewegung im oder gegen den Uhrzeigersinn durchf\'fchren, kann Ihr Finger in die Mitte des TouchPad rutschen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Falls der virtuelle Bildlauf nicht reagiert, m\'fcssen Sie sicherstellen, dass das gew\'fcnschte Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  bzw. die entsprechenden Felder markiert sind und dass das Fenster oder Element, auf das Sie geklickt haben, bildlauff\'e4hig ist. Falls die Probleme weiter bestehen, pr\'fcfen Sie die Einstellungen unter \b Bildlaufbereich\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
Die Momentum-Funktion liefert sanfte, schnelle, Trackball-artige Mausbewegungen. Mit einer schnellen Bewegung des Fingers auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che kann der Cursor \'fcber den gesamten Computerbildschirm bewegt werden. Mit der Momentum-Funktion werden die wiederholte Bewegung und Verlangsamung, die beim Bewegen des Cursors \'fcber lange Entfernungen entstehen, reduziert und es wird dennoch eine sanfte und nat\'fcrliche Bewegung \'e4hnlich der Verwendung eines Trackballs sichergestellt. Momentum ist ideal f\'fcr RTS-(Real Time Strategy-), FPS-(First Person Shooter-) und RPF-(Role Playing Games-)Spiele geeignet.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Momentum aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu verwenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler \b Gleitentfernung\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie weit sich der Cursor als Reaktion auf eine Fingerbewegung auf dem TouchPad bewegt. Um den Cursor anzuhalten, legen Sie den Finger auf das TouchPad. Der Cursor kann auch mit einem einzigen Tippen auf das TouchPad angehalten werden.\par
\par
Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Abprallen von Bildschirmrand aktivieren\b0 , damit der Cursor innerhalb der Grenzen des Computerbildschirms bleibt. Mit dieser Funktion k\'f6nnen Men\'fcoptionen und Steuerelemente, die sich in der N\'e4he des Bildschirmrands befinden, problemlos aufgerufen werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Die Pinch-Geste bietet in vielen Anwendungen Zoom-Funktionen. Sie kann f\'fcr dieselbe Funktion wie das Scrollrad in Standard-Windows-Anwendungen, die die Zoom-Funktion STRG-SCROLLRAD unterst\'fctzen, verwendet werden.\par
\par
Legen Sie dazu zwei Finger auf die TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che. Bewegen Sie die Finger n\'e4her zueinander oder weiter auseinander. Zum Vergr\'f6\'dfern legen Sie die Finger eng nebeneinander auf die TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che und bewegen sie dann auseinander. Zum Verkleinern legen Sie die Finger zun\'e4chst weit auseinander auf die Oberfl\'e4che und bewegen sie dann immer n\'e4her zusammen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
Der ChiralMotion-Bildlauf mit zwei Fingern bietet eine innovative Alternative zu herk\'f6mmlichen Bildlaufmethoden. Sie k\'f6nnen nach oben oder nach unten bl\'e4ttern, indem Sie einfach zwei Finger auf das TouchPad legen und eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung ausf\'fchren. Sie m\'fcssen nicht beide Finger auf dem TouchPad lassen, nachdem der Bildlauf begonnen hat. Der Bildlauf wird so lange weiter ausgef\'fchrt, wie ein Finger auf der TouchPad-Oberfl\'e4che bleibt und eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung ausf\'fchrt.\par
\par
Die Fingergeschwindigkeit steuert die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit. Um schnell zu bl\'e4ttern, ziehen Sie kleine Kreise und bewegen Ihren Finger schnell. Um langsam zu bl\'e4ttern, ziehen Sie gro\'dfe Kreise und bewegen Ihren Finger langsam. Die Bildlaufrichtung kann durch \'c4ndern der Bewegungsrichtung umgekehrt werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
Eine \b Erweiterte Geste\b0  ist eine Aktion, die der Benutzer auf einem Synaptics TouchPad-Sensor macht und die vom Hostger\'e4t erkannt wird, das daraufhin eine bestimmte Funktion ausf\'fchrt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
Eine \b Flick-Geste\b0  besteht darin, dass zwei Finger etwas voneinander entfernt auf die TouchPad-Fl\'e4che gelegt und in einer geraden, kontinuierlichen Bewegung \'fcber das TouchPad gezogen werden. Anschlie\'dfend werden beide Finger von der TouchPad-Fl\'e4che gehoben. Eine durch eine Flick-Geste initiierte Aktion ist anwendungsspezifisch, beispielsweise bedeutet im Internet Explorer eine Flick-Geste nach links "Seite zur\'fcck".\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
Bei der \b ChiralRotate-Geste\b0  wird das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt in 90-Grad-Schritten entweder im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn gedreht. Die ChiralRotate-Geste funktioniert nur bei unterst\'fctzten Anwendungen.\par
\par
Um eine ChiralRotate-Geste zu initiieren, legen Sie einen Finger in der linken senkrechten Zone auf das TouchPad und bewegen Ihren Finger kreisf\'f6rmig. In unterst\'fctzten Anwendungen wird das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt in 90-Grad-Schritten gedreht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Pinch aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b ChiralRotate aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Flick aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu aktivieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Um eine Demonstration zur Verwendung der Pinch-Geste anzusehen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0  unter dem Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Pinch aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Um eine Demonstration zur Verwendung der ChiralRotate-Geste anzusehen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0  unter dem Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b ChiralRotate aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Um eine Demonstration zur Verwendung der Flick-Geste anzusehen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0  unter dem Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Um eine Demonstration zur Verwendung der Momentum-Geste zu sehen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0  unter dem Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Momentum aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
\par
Der virtuelle Bildlauf bietet eine innovative Alternative zu herk\'f6mmlichen Bildlaufmethoden. Mit dem virtuellen Bildlauf werden die Bildlaufleisten automatisch aktiviert, sodass Sie den Zeiger nicht aus Ihrer Arbeit heraus bewegen m\'fcssen.\par
\par
Der virtuelle Bildlauf funktioniert mit den meisten bildlauff\'e4higen Fenstern, wie Textverarbeitungsdokumenten, Tabellekalkulation und gro\'dfen Digitalbildern. Er funktioniert auch mit anderen bildlauff\'e4higen Elementen wie Dateilisten und Schriftartenlisten.\par
\par
Der lineare Bildlauf, eine Funktion des virtuellen Bildlaufs, erm\'f6glicht Ihnen konventionelles Bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
Der ChiralMotion-Bildlauf, eine einmalige Bildlauffunktion, erm\'f6glicht einen kontinuierlichen Bildlauf in einer sanften kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung. Die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit wird \'fcber die Fingerbewegung gesteuert. Um einen schnellen Bildlauf auszuf\'fchren, ziehen Sie kleine schnelle Kreise. Um einen langsamen Bildlauf auszuf\'fchren, ziehen Sie gro\'dfe Kreise und bewegen Ihren Finger langsam. Die Richtung des Bildlaufs kann durch \'c4ndern der Bewegungsrichtung umgekehrt werden.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie den linearen vertikalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Symbol f\'fcr \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  oder doppelklicken Sie auf \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie \b Bildlauf \'fcber lange Strecken\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicken Sie auf die Optionsschaltfl\'e4che \b Linearer Bildlauf\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicken Sie in das Fenster oder das Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
6.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger auf dem rechten Rand des TouchPad in der gew\'fcnschte Richtung nach oben oder nach unten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie ChiralMotion f\'fcr einen vertikalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Symbol f\'fcr \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  oder doppelklicken Sie auf \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie \b Bildlauf \'fcber lange Strecken\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicken Sie auf die Optionsschaltfl\'e4che \b ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicken Sie in das Fenster oder das Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
6.\tab Setzen Sie Ihren Finger ungef\'e4hr in die Mitte des rechten Rands auf dem TouchPad.\par
7.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in der gew\'fcnschten Bildlaufrichtung nach oben oder unten, und beginnen Sie dann mit einer kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung. Ihr Finger kann in die Mitte des TouchPad rutschen, wenn eine Bewegung im oder gegen den Uhrzeigersinn durchgef\'fchrt wird.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie den linearen horizontalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Symbol f\'fcr \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  oder doppelklicken Sie auf \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie \b Bildlauf \'fcber lange Strecken\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicken Sie auf die Optionsschaltfl\'e4che \b Linearer Bildlauf\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicken Sie in das Fenster oder das Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
6.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in der gew\'fcnschten Bildlaufrichtung nach links oder rechts auf dem unteren Rand des TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie ChiralMotion f\'fcr einen horizontalen Bildlauf:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aktivieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Bildlauf aktivieren\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicken Sie auf das Symbol f\'fcr \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0  oder doppelklicken Sie auf \b Virtueller Bildlauf\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie \b Bildlauf \'fcber lange Strecken\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicken Sie auf die Optionsschaltfl\'e4che \b ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicken Sie in das Fenster oder das Element, f\'fcr das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
6.\tab Setzen Sie den Finger ungef\'e4hr in die Mitte am unteren Rand des TouchPad.\par
7.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in der gew\'fcnschten Bildlaufrichtung nach links oder rechts, und machen Sie dann eine kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegung. Ihr Finger kann in die Mitte des TouchPad rutschen, wenn eine Bewegung im oder gegen den Uhrzeigersinn durchgef\'fchrt wird.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Falls der virtuelle Bildlauf nicht reagiert, m\'fcssen Sie sicherstellen, dass das gew\'fcnschte Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bildlauf aktivieren\b0  bzw. die entsprechenden Felder markiert sind und dass das Fenster oder Element, auf das Sie geklickt haben, bildlauff\'e4hig ist. Falls die Probleme weiter bestehen, pr\'fcfen Sie die Einstellungen unter \b Bildlaufbereich\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Um eine Demonstration zur Verwendung des virtuellen Bildlaufs anzuzeigen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Um eine Demonstration zur Verwendung der \b Flick\b0 -Geste zu sehen, w\'e4hlen Sie die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Um vertikale Flick-Gesten zu verwenden, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Flick aktivieren\b0 . Legen Sie zwei Finger etwas voneinander getrennt auf das TouchPad und ziehen Sie nach oben oder nach unten. Wenn Sie fertig sind, heben Sie sie hoch, um eine anwendungsspezifische Funktion durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Um horizontale Flick-Gesten zu verwenden, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Flick aktivieren\b0 . Legen Sie zwei Finger etwas voneinander getrennt auf das TouchPad und ziehen Sie nach rechts oder nach links. Wenn Sie fertig sind, heben Sie sie hoch, um eine anwendungsspezifische Funktion durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 , um es in Aktion zu sehen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
Dieses \b Eigenschaften\b0 -Fenster erm\'f6glicht Ihnen die Personalisierung Ihrer Zeigeger\'e4teinstellungen. Verwenden Sie den Men\'fcbaum links, um die anpassbaren Funktionen aufzurufen. Diese umfassen Zeigen mit einem Finger und Bl\'e4tteroptionen plus Gesten mit mehreren Fingern zur Manipulation von Dokumenten, Gegenst\'e4nden und Anwendungen.\par
\par
\b Verwendung des Eigenschaften-Fensters \b0\par
Klicken Sie auf eine Funktion im Men\'fcbaum, um eine Seite mit Beschreibungen und Einstellungen f\'fcr diese Funktion anzuzeigen. Einige Funktionen haben mehrere Einstellungsseiten. Klicken Sie auf das + (Plus-Zeichen) neben einer Funktion, um alle verbundenen Seiten anzuzeigen. Die Einstellung wird im Fenster rechts vom Men\'fcbaum angezeigt. Informationen \'fcber diese Optionen und eine Anleitung, wie Sie sie \'e4ndern, werden in diesem Informationsfeld angezeigt. Sie k\'f6nnen die Bildlaufleiste verwenden, um den Inhalt des Informationsfelds anzuzeigen.\par
\par
\b Voreinstellungen-Schaltfl\'e4che \b0\par
\'dcber die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Voreinstellungen\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie alle Einstellungen auf der aktuellen Seite auf die werkseitig voreingestellten Werte zur\'fccksetzen.\par
\par
\b OK-Schaltfl\'e4che \b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b OK\b0  speichert Ihre \'c4nderungen und schlie\'dft das Eigenschaften-Fenster.\par
\par
\b Abbrechen-Schaltfl\'e4che \b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Abbrechen\b0  schlie\'dft das Eigenschaften-Fenster, ohne \'c4nderungen zu speichern, und kehrt zu den vorherigen Einstellungen zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\b\'dcbernehmen-Schaltfl\'e4che \b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che \b\'dcbernehmen\b0  speichert Ihre \'c4nderungen, l\'e4sst aber das Eigenschaften-Fenster offen, damit Sie weitere \'c4nderungen vornehmen k\'f6nnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Auf der Seite mit den \b Zeige\b0 -Einstellungen k\'f6nnen Sie angeben, wie der Cursor auf Ihre Zeige- und Auswahlaktionen reagiert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Momentum aktivieren,\b0  um diese Funktion zu verwenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
Mit der Funktion \b Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie nur horizontale oder vertikale Bewegung des Zeigers auf dem Bildschirm erzwingen. Diese Funktion ist bei der Verwendung eines Zeichenprogramms am n\'fctzlichsten. Sie aktivieren die eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung, indem Sie eine bestimmte Taste gedr\'fcckt halten, w\'e4hrend Sie den Zeiger bewegen. Wenn die Taste gedr\'fcckt wird, bestimmt die anf\'e4ngliche Richtung des Zeigers die erlaubte Bewegungsrichtung, so lange Ihr Finger auf dem TouchPad bleibt.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung erlauben\b0 , um die Optionen im Listenfeld zu aktivieren.\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie eine Taste f\'fcr die Aktivierung der eingeschr\'e4nkten Bewegung aus dem Listenfeld.\par
3.\tab Halten Sie die ausgew\'e4hlte Taste gedr\'fcckt, wenn Sie eine Zeigerbewegung erzwingen m\'f6chten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern \b0\par
Mit der Bl\'e4tterfunktion k\'f6nnen Sie die Bildlaufleisten des ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster automatisch bet\'e4tigen. Sie m\'fcssen dazu nicht Ihren Zeiger von Ihrer Arbeit weg bewegen. Die Bl\'e4tterfunktion funktioniert mit den meisten bildlauff\'e4higen Fenstern wie Dokumenten, Tabellenkalkulationen, gro\'dfe digitale Bilder und andere bildlauff\'e4hige Elemente wie Dateilisten und Schriftartenlisten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Umgekehrtes Bl\'e4ttern \b0\par
Die Funktion \b Umgekehrte Bl\'e4tterrichtung\b0  erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, das \'fcbliche Bl\'e4tterverhalten zu \'e4ndern. Beim \'fcblichen Bl\'e4ttern bewegt sich die Bildlaufleiste in Richtung der Fingerbewegung. Die Funktion \b Umgekehrte Bl\'e4tterrichtung\b0  bewegt das Dokument oder Objekt in Richtung der Fingerbewegung.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Umgekehrte Bl\'e4tterrichtung aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler \b Bl\'e4ttergeschwindigkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie die Geschwindigkeit beim Bl\'e4ttern anpassen. Ziehen Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts, um schneller zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
Mit der ChiralScrolling\'99-Funktion k\'f6nnen Sie fortw\'e4hrend mit einer z\'fcgigen Kreisbewegung bl\'e4ttern. Die Bl\'e4ttergeschwindigkeit wird durch die Fingergeschwindigkeit gesteuert.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b ChiralScrolling aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie ChrialScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger auf die \i Ziel\i0 -Zone. Wenn Sie nach oben oder nach unten bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, ist die rechte Seite des TouchPad die Zielzone. Wenn Sie nach links oder nach rechts bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, ist der untere Rand des TouchPad die Zielzone.\par
2.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in die Richtung, in die Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, und beginnen Sie dann damit, Ihren Finger im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn im Kreis zu bewegen. Sobald Sie mit dem ChiralScrolling begonnen haben, k\'f6nnen Sie mit Ihrem Finger an einen beliebigen Ort auf dem TouchPad gehen, w\'e4hrend Sie weiterhin kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegungen ausf\'fchren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
HINWEIS: Um die Bl\'e4tterrichtung zu \'e4ndern, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger einfach in die entgegengesetzte Richtung. Sie bl\'e4ttern dann in die andere Richtung.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Um mit dem Bl\'e4ttern aufzuh\'f6ren und wieder in den Zeigemodus zur\'fcckzukehren, heben Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern mit einem Finger \b0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen vertikal und horizontal bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf das Fenster oder Element, in dem Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, und gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach oben oder nach unten entlang dem rechten Rand des TouchPad, um vertikal zu bl\'e4ttern. Gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach rechts oder nach links entlang dem unteren Rand des TouchPad, um horizontal zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
Wenn das Bl\'e4ttern nicht reagiert, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie, ob Sie das entsprechende Kontrollk\'e4stchen markiert haben und ob das Fenster oder das Element, auf das Sie geklickt haben, bildlauff\'e4hig ist. Falls die Probleme weiter bestehen, pr\'fcfen Sie die Einstellungen unter \b Bildlaufbereich\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Das obige Diagramm stellt die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPad dar. Der kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Bildlaufbereiche auf der TouchPad-Fl\'e4che.\par
\par
Wenn Sie Ihren Finger auf das TouchPad legen, werden Pfeile entlang dem Rand des TouchPad-Diagramms angezeigt, um die Position Ihres Finger anzugeben. Wenn sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven Bildlaufbereich auf dem TouchPad befindet, wird der entsprechende Bereich auf dem Diagramm einfarbig. Sie k\'f6nnen die Bildlaufbereiche gr\'f6\'dfer oder kleiner machen, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs ziehen.\par
\par
Wenn Sie Schwierigkeiten haben, das Bl\'e4ttern auszul\'f6sen, versuchen Sie, den Bildlaufbereich gr\'f6\'dfer zu machen, indem Sie die R\'e4nder des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs nach innen bewegen. Wenn das Bl\'e4ttern Ihrer Meinung nach zu schnell ausgel\'f6st wird, versuchen Sie, den Bildlaufbereich kleiner zu machen.\par
\par
Wenn die Bildlaufbereiche abgegraut sind und nicht angepasst werden k\'f6nnen, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie, ob die Bl\'e4tterfunktion aktiviert ist.\par
\par
So aktivieren Sie das Bl\'e4ttern:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie \b Bl\'e4ttern\b0  im Men\'fcbaum auf der linken Seite.\par
2.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie die gew\'fcnschte Bl\'e4ttermethode und aktivieren Sie das vertikale oder horizontale Bl\'e4ttern.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Horizontales Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren \b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das horizontale Bl\'e4ttern in Fenstern mit horizontalen Bildlaufleisten zu aktivieren. Wenn Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach links oder rechts entlang dem unteren Rand des TouchPad gleiten, bl\'e4ttern Sie im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element horizontal.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Vertikales Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren \b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das vertikale Bl\'e4ttern zu aktivieren. Wenn Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach oben oder unten entlang dem rechten Rand des TouchPad gleiten, bl\'e4ttern Sie im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element vertikal.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern \b0\par
Die Funktion \b Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern\b0  erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, vertikal oder horizontal zu bl\'e4ttern und das Bl\'e4ttern \'fcberall auf dem TouchPad zu beginnen. Legen Sie einfach zwei Finger auf das TouchPad und gleiten Sie mit ihnen in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung. Sie m\'fcssen sich zum Bl\'e4ttern nicht in einem Bildlaufbereich befinden.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie das Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad. Die Finger sollten etwas voneinander getrennt sein.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie in einer kontinuierlichen Bewegung mit beiden Fingern in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie beide Finger vom TouchPad, um mit dem Bl\'e4ttern aufzuh\'f6ren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Horizontales Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren \b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das horizontale Bl\'e4ttern in Fenstern mit horizontalen Bildlaufleisten zu aktivieren. Wenn Sie mit zwei Fingern nach rechts oder links auf dem TouchPad gleiten, bl\'e4ttern Sie im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element horizontal.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Vertikales Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren \b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das vertikale Bl\'e4ttern zu aktivieren. Wenn Sie mit zwei Fingern nach oben oder unten auf dem TouchPad gleiten, bl\'e4ttern Sie im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element vertikal.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Randbegrenzung\b0  hilft Ihnen, m\'fchelos durch lange Dokumente zu bl\'e4ttern. Bei der Randbegrenzung wird das Bl\'e4ttern fortgesetzt, nachdem Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad gehoben haben. Um die Randbegrenzung zu verwenden, bewegen und heben Sie Ihren Finger in einer z\'fcgigen Bewegung. Um die Randbegrenzung zu stoppen, legen Sie Ihren Finger wieder auf das TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Pinch-Zoom \b0\par
Die Pinch-Zoom-Geste bietet eine Zoomfunktion in vielen Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Pinch-Zoom-Geste verwenden, um bei Windows-Standardanwendungen, die die STRG-SCROLLRAD-Zoomfunktion unterst\'fctzen, dieselben Funktionen durchzuf\'fchren wie das Scrollrad.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Pinch-Zoom aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Pinch-Zoom-Geste:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Bewegen Sie zum Vergr\'f6\'dfern beide Fingern auseinander oder zum Verkleinern n\'e4her zusammen. Verwenden Sie zum optimalen Zoomen die Fingerspitzen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Drehen\b0  bietet praktische Gesten f\'fcr das Drehen von Fotos und anderen Objekten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Drei-Finger-Druck \b0\par
Die Geste \b Drei-Finger-Druck\b0  bietet einen Shortcut f\'fcr das Starten einer bestimmten Anwendung oder mehreren Anwendungen.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drei-Finger-Druck aktivieren\b0 . Um die zu startenden Anwendungen anzupassen, klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Funktion \b Drei-Finger-Druck\b0 :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger auf das TouchPad. Achten Sie darauf, dass ein kleiner Abstand zwischen den Fingern ist.\par
2.\tab Halten Sie Ihre Finger ruhig, bis die Anwendung oder die Anwendungen gestartet wird/werden.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Finger vom TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Drei-Finger-Flick \b0\par
\par
Die Geste \b Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  zum Browsen im Internet oder zum Bl\'e4ttern durch Fotos in einem Fotoanzeigefenster verwenden. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  auch zum Aufrufen oder Beenden des Diashow-Modus verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drei-Finger-Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schnalzen Sie mit Ihren Fingern in einer linearen, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung und bewegen Sie sich dabei von einer Seite des TouchPad zur entgegengesetzten Seite.\par
3.\tab Wenn Sie mit Ihren Fingern bei horizontaler Fingerbewegung nach rechts oder links gleiten, wird in einem Fotoanzeige- oder Internet-Browser-Fenster vorw\'e4rts oder r\'fcckw\'e4rts gebl\'e4ttert.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Um die Geste \b Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr den Diashow-Modus zu verwenden, gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern vertikal. Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach oben, um den Diashow-Modus zu starten. Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach unten, um den Diashow-Modus zu stoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Handfl\'e4che auf dem Pad \b0\par
Die Geste \b Handfl\'e4che auf dem Pad\b0  erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, Ihren Desktop frei zu machen, indem Sie alle offenen Fenster minimieren. Wenn Sie diese Geste wiederholen, werden die Fenster wiederhergestellt.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Handfl\'e4che auf dem Pad aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Handfl\'e4che auf dem Pad\b0 :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie Ihren \i Daumen \i0 auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Halten Sie Ihre Hand ruhig, bis die Desktop-Fenster minimiert oder wiederhergestellt sind.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Hand vom TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern \'fcben \b0\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b\'dcben,\b0  um das Bl\'e4tter-Tutorial auszuf\'fchren. Anhand eines einfachen Labyrinths lernen Sie, wie Sie das Bl\'e4ttern verwenden.\par
\par
Betrachten Sie das Labyrinth, bevor Sie beginnen, die Start- und Endpunkte zu suchen. Sie k\'f6nnen nicht das gesamte Labyrinth sehen, da es gr\'f6\'dfer als das Anzeigefenster ist. Bl\'e4ttern Sie, um Ihre Ansicht des Labyrinths im Fenster zu verschieben. Halten Sie die STRG-Taste gedr\'fcckt und verwenden Sie die Bl\'e4tterfunktion, um die Gr\'f6\'dfe des Labyrinths zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Ein gelber Punkt in der oberen linken Ecke des Labyrinths markiert den Eingang zum Labyrinth. Ein blauer Punkt auf der rechten Seite des Labyrinths markiert den Ausgang.\par
\par
So \'fcben Sie das Bl\'e4ttern:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicken Sie auf das rote Quadrat im gelben Punkt, um zu beginnen.\par
2.\tab Verwenden Sie die Pfeiltasten oder tippen Sie auf Ihr TouchPad, um durch das Labyrinth zu navigieren.\par
3.\tab Verwenden Sie die gew\'fcnschte Bl\'e4ttermethode, um Ihre Ansicht des Labyrinths zu bewegen.\par
4.\tab Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Schlie\'dfen\b0  im Bl\'e4tter\'fcbungsfenster, wenn Sie den blauen Punkt in der unteren rechten Ecke erreicht haben.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart M-Geste \b0\par
Die Anwendung HP MediaSmart kann durch Ausf\'fchren der M-f\'f6rmigen Geste auf dem TouchPad gestartet werden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b HP MediaSmart M-Geste aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie diese Geste:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Tippen Sie mit zwei Fingern auf das TouchPad und legen Sie sie sofort danach wieder hin.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit den Fingern in einem gro\'dfen \i M \i0 -f\'f6rmigen Muster.\par
3.\tab Die Anwendung HP MediaSmart wird gestartet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Mit der Funktion \b Zeigeverbesserungen\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie angeben, wie der Cursor auf Ihre Zeigeaktionen reagiert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Anwendungsgesten bieten Shortcuts f\'fcr h\'e4ufig verwendete Anwendungen oder Funktionen. Die Reaktion des Computers auf diese Gesten kann anwendungsspezifisch sein.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 soll Zeigerbewegungen \'fcber gro\'dfe Strecken erleichtern. Wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPad erreicht, bewegt sich der Zeiger weiter in dieselbe Richtung, bis Sie Ihren Finger heben. W\'e4hlen Sie eine der EdgeMotion-Optionen aus.\par
\par
Die Bl\'e4tterfunktion unterst\'fctzt ebenfalls EdgeMotion. Um EdgeMotion beim Bl\'e4ttern zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie \b EdgeMotion beim Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0  unter \b Bl\'e4ttern mit einem Finger\b0  oder \b Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern\b0  unter \b Bl\'e4ttern\b0  im Men\'fcbaum.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b EdgeMotion beim Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren,\b0  wenn Sie weiter bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, wenn Ihre Finger den Rand des TouchPad erreichen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Mit den \b Empfindlichkeits\b0 -Einstellungen k\'f6nnen Sie die Art und Weise, wie das TouchPad auf Ihre Ber\'fchrung reagiert, anpassen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Randbegrenzung\b0  hilft Ihnen, m\'fchelos durch lange Dokumente zu bl\'e4ttern. Bei der Randbegrenzung wird das Bl\'e4ttern fortgesetzt, nachdem Sie Ihre Finger vom TouchPad gehoben haben. Um die Randbegrenzung zu verwenden, bewegen und heben Sie Ihre Finger in einer z\'fcgigen Bewegung. Um die Randbegrenzung zu stoppen, legen Sie Ihre Finger wieder auf das TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Pivot-Drehen \b0\par
Die Geste \b Pivot-Drehen\b0  erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, Objekte wie ein Foto, eine PDF-Datei oder ein anderes ausgew\'e4hltes Objekt in 90-Grad-Schritten zu drehen.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Pivot-Drehen aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Pivot-Drehen\b0 :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger in die untere linke Ecke des TouchPad und lassen Sie ihn dort.\par
2.\tab Legen Sie einen anderen Finger in die N\'e4he der Mitte des TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit dem zweiten Finger in einer kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung um den ersten Finger. Achten Sie darauf, dass der Abstand zwischen den zwei Fingern w\'e4hrend der kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung gleich bleibt. Gleiten Sie im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung zu drehen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Pivot in der rechten Ecke \b0\par
Um die Funktion \b Pivot-Drehen\b0  in der unteren rechten Ecke des TouchPad zu verwenden, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Pivot in der rechten Ecke\b0 . Die Verwendung der rechten Ecke des TouchPad ist m\'f6glicherweise bequemer, wenn Sie diese Geste mit der linken Hand durchf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
Die ChiralRotate\'99-Geste dreht das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt in 90-Grad-Schritten.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b ChiralRotate aktivieren\b0 . Beachten Sie, dass die ChiralRotate-Geste nur bei unterst\'fctzten Anwendungen funktioniert.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die ChiralRotate-Geste:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger in die linke "Ziel"-Zone des TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach oben oder nach unten und beginnen Sie mit einer kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung. Um das Objekt im Uhrzeigersinn zu drehen, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger im Uhrzeigersinn. Um das Objekt entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn zu drehen, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad, um zum Zeigemodus zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b TouchPad ausschalten \b0\par
\par
Wenn Sie das TouchPad nicht verwenden m\'f6chten, k\'f6nnen Sie es ausschalten. Legen Sie einen Finger in die obere linke Ecke des TouchPad und halten Sie den Finger einen Augenblick lang ruhig. Das TouchPad wird ausgeschaltet. Das TouchPad-Symbol in der Symbolleiste \'e4ndert sich, um anzugeben, dass das TouchPad nicht f\'fcr die Verwendung verf\'fcgbar ist.\par
\par
Um das TouchPad wieder einzuschalten, ber\'fchren Sie die obere linke Ecke erneut. Das Symbol in der Symbolleiste kehrt in den aktivierten Zustand zur\'fcck.\par
\par
Um anzugeben, wie lange das TouchPad ausgeschaltet bleibt, w\'e4hlen Sie die gew\'fcnschte Option.\par
\par
Die Option \b TouchPad ausschalten\b0  sorgt daf\'fcr, dass das TouchPad ausgeschaltet bleibt, bis Sie es durch Ber\'fchren der oberen linken Ecke f\'fcr die Verwendung wiederherstellen.\par
\b Die Option TouchPad f\'fcr eine Sitzung ausschalten\b0  schaltet das TouchPad f\'fcr eine Sitzung aus. Das TouchPad wird automatisch f\'fcr die Verwendung wiederhergestellt, wenn Sie sich das n\'e4chste Mal anmelden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Zwei-Finger-Flick \b0\par
\par
Die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  zum Browsen im Internet oder zum Bl\'e4ttern durch Fotos in einem Fotoanzeigefenster verwenden. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  auch zum Aufrufen oder Beenden des Diashow-Modus verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Zwei-Finger-Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schnalzen Sie mit Ihren Fingern in einer linearen, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung und bewegen Sie sich dabei von einer Seite des TouchPad zur entgegengesetzten Seite.\par
3.\tab Wenn Sie mit Ihren Fingern bei horizontaler Fingerbewegung nach rechts oder links gleiten, wird in einem Fotoanzeige- oder Internet-Browser-Fenster vorw\'e4rts oder r\'fcckw\'e4rts gebl\'e4ttert.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Um die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr den Diashow-Modus zu verwenden, gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern vertikal. Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach oben, um den Diashow-Modus zu starten. Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach unten, um den Diashow-Modus zu stoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Zwei-Finger-Flick \b0\par
\par
Die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  zum Browsen im Internet oder zum Bl\'e4ttern durch Fotos in einem Fotoanzeigefenster verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Zwei-Finger-Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schnalzen Sie mit Ihren Fingern horizontal in einer geraden, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung und bewegen Sie sich dabei von einer Seite des TouchPad zur entgegengesetzten Seite.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach rechts oder links, um in einem Fotoanzeige- oder Internet-Browser-Fenster vorw\'e4rts oder r\'fcckw\'e4rts zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Zwei-Finger-Flick \b0\par
\par
Die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  zum Aufrufen oder Beenden des Diashow-Modus verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Zwei-Finger-Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Zwei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern vertikal in einer geraden, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach oben, um den Diashow-Modus zu starten, oder nach unten, um den Diashow-Modus zu beenden.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Horizontaler Drei-Finger-Flick \b0\par
\par
Die Geste \b Horizontaler Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Horizontaler Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  zum Browsen im Internet oder zum Bl\'e4ttern durch Fotos in einem Fotoanzeigefenster verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Horizontalen Drei-Finger-Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Horizontaler Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schnalzen Sie mit Ihren Fingern horizontal in einer geraden, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung und bewegen Sie sich dabei von einer Seite des TouchPad zur entgegengesetzten Seite.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach rechts oder links, um in einem Fotoanzeige- oder Internet-Browser-Fenster vorw\'e4rts oder r\'fcckw\'e4rts zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Vertikaler Drei-Finger-Flick \b0\par
\par
Die Geste \b Vertikaler Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Geste \b Vertikaler Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  zum Aufrufen oder Beenden des Diashow-Modus verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Vertikalen Drei-Finger-Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Geste \b Vertikaler Drei-Finger-Flick\b0  f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern vertikal in einer geraden, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach oben, um den Diashow-Modus zu starten, oder nach unten, um den Diashow-Modus zu beenden.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern durch Kreisbewegungen \b0\par
Mit der Funktion \b Bl\'e4ttern durch Kreisbewegungen\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie fortw\'e4hrend mit einer z\'fcgigen Kreisbewegung bl\'e4ttern. Die Bl\'e4ttergeschwindigkeit wird durch die Fingergeschwindigkeit gesteuert.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Bl\'e4ttern durch Kreisbewegungen aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie das Bl\'e4ttern durch Kreisbewegungen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger auf die \i Ziel\i0 -Zone. Wenn Sie nach oben oder nach unten bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, ist der rechte Rand des TouchPad die Zielzone. Wenn Sie nach links oder nach rechts bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, ist der untere Rand des TouchPad die Zielzone.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger in die Richtung, in die Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, und beginnen Sie dann damit, Ihren Finger im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn im Kreis zu bewegen. Sobald Sie mit dem Bl\'e4ttern durch Kreisbewegungen begonnen haben, k\'f6nnen Sie mit Ihrem Finger an einen beliebigen Ort auf dem TouchPad gehen, w\'e4hrend Sie weiterhin kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegungen ausf\'fchren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
HINWEIS: Um die Bl\'e4tterrichtung zu \'e4ndern, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger einfach in die entgegengesetzte Richtung. Sie bl\'e4ttern dann in die andere Richtung.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Um mit dem Bl\'e4ttern aufzuh\'f6ren und wieder in den Zeigemodus zur\'fcckzukehren, heben Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Automatisches Bl\'e4ttern\b0  hilft Ihnen, m\'fchelos mit einer Fingerbewegung durch lange Dokumente zu bl\'e4ttern. Das Bl\'e4ttern wird fortgesetzt, nachdem Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad gehoben haben.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie das automatische Bl\'e4ttern:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicken Sie in die Fenster oder das Element, f\'fcr die/das Sie einen Bildlauf ausf\'fchren m\'f6chten.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit einem Finger entlang des Bildlaufbereichs des TouchPad in die Richtung, in die Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten. Zum Bl\'e4ttern nach oben oder nach unten ist der Bildlaufbereich der rechte Rand. Zum Bl\'e4ttern nach links oder nach rechts ist der Bildlaufbereich der linke Rand.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Wenn das automatische Bl\'e4ttern nicht reagiert, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie Ihre Einstellungen f\'fcr den \b Bildlaufbereich\b0 . Wenn Sie immer noch Probleme mit der Verwendung des automatischen Bl\'e4tterns haben, stellen Sie sicher, dass das Fenster oder das Element, auf das Sie geklickt haben, bildlauff\'e4hig ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b Drehen\b0  bietet praktische Gesten f\'fcr das Drehen von Fotos und anderen Objekten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Geste "Meine Favoriten" \b0\par
Die Geste \b Meine Favoriten\b0  bietet einen Shortcut f\'fcr das Starten einer bestimmten Anwendung oder mehreren Anwendungen.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Geste "Meine Favoriten" aktivieren\b0 . Um die zu startenden Anwendungen anzupassen, klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie diese Geste:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger auf das TouchPad. Achten Sie darauf, dass ein kleiner Abstand zwischen den Fingern ist.\par
2.\tab Halten Sie Ihre Finger ruhig, bis die Anwendung oder die Anwendungen gestartet wird/werden.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Finger vom TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Flick \b0\par
Die Flick-Geste verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Flick-Geste zum Browsen im Internet oder zum Bl\'e4ttern durch Fotos in einem Fotoanzeigefenster verwenden. Sie k\'f6nnen die Flick-Geste auch zum Aufrufen oder Beenden des Diashow-Modus verwenden.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Flick aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Flick-Geste f\'fcr die Navigation:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger auf das TouchPad. Achten Sie darauf, dass ein kleiner Abstand zwischen den Fingern ist\par
2.\tab Schnalzen Sie mit Ihren Fingern in einer linearen, kontinuierlichen Bewegung in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung und bewegen Sie sich dabei von einer Seite des TouchPad zur entgegengesetzten Seite.\par
3.\tab Wenn Sie mit Ihren Fingern bei horizontaler Fingerbewegung nach rechts oder links gleiten, wird in einem Fotoanzeige- oder Internet-Browser-Fenster vorw\'e4rts oder r\'fcckw\'e4rts gebl\'e4ttert.\par
\pard\tx180\par
So verwenden Sie die Flick-Geste f\'fcr den Diashow-Modus:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach oben, um den Diashow-Modus zu starten.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach unten, um den Diashow-Modus zu stoppen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Home-Geste \b0\par
Die Home-Geste erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, Ihren Desktop frei zu machen, indem Sie alle offenen Fenster minimieren. Wenn Sie diese Geste wiederholen, werden die Fenster wiederhergestellt.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Home-Geste aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Home-Geste:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie Ihren \i Daumen \i0 auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Halten Sie Ihre Hand ruhig, bis die Desktop-Fenster minimiert oder wiederhergestellt sind.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Hand vom TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoombereich \b0\par
Bei der Zoombereich-Funktion k\'f6nnen Sie die linke Seite des TouchPad verwenden, um das Element im aktiven Fenster zu vergr\'f6\'dfern oder zu verkleinern. Die Zoombereich-Funktion f\'fchrt dieselbe Zoom-Funktion wie ein Scrollrad in Windows-Standardanwendungen durch, die STRG-SCROLLRAD unterst\'fctzen.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Zoombereich aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\b Vergr\'f6\'dfern:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger in der N\'e4he der unteren linken Ecke auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit dem Finger nach oben in Richtung obere linke Ecke.\par
3.\tab Wiederholen Sie dies, bis die gew\'fcnschte Vergr\'f6\'dferungsstufe erreicht ist.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Verkleinern:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger in der N\'e4he der oberen linken Ecke auf das TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit dem Finger nach unten in Richtung untere linke Ecke.\par
3.\tab Wiederholen Sie dies, bis die gew\'fcnschte Vergr\'f6\'dferungsstufe erreicht ist.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
Die \b TouchCheck-Funktion\b0  sch\'fctzt vor Bet\'e4tigen des TouchPad durch versehentliches Ber\'fchren. Durch TouchCheck erkennt das TouchPad, ob sich Ihre Handfl\'e4che darauf befindet oder \'fcber die Fl\'e4che streift, w\'e4hrend Sie tippen. Dies verhindert unerw\'fcnschte Zeigerbewegungen oder Klicks.\par
\par
Wenn das TouchPad unerw\'fcnschte Zeigerbewegungen oder Klicks zeigt, erh\'f6hten Sie die TouchCheck-Einstellung, indem Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts in Richtung \b Maximum\b0  bewegen. Wenn das TouchPad beabsichtigte Bewegungen oder Tippvorg\'e4nge nicht erkennt, verringern Sie die TouchCheck-Einstellung, indem Sie den Schieberegler nach links in Richtung \b Minimum\b0  bewegen. Nicht erkannte Bewegungen oder Tippvorg\'e4nge kommen h\'e4ufiger vor, wenn sich der Schieberegler im roten Bereich befindet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Drehen\b0\par
Die Drehen-Geste erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, Objekte wie ein Foto, eine PDF-Datei oder ein anderes ausgew\'e4hltes Objekt in 90-Grad-Schritten zu drehen.\par
\par
Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drehen aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Drehen-Geste:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger in die untere linke Ecke des TouchPad und lassen Sie ihn dort.\par
2.\tab Legen Sie einen anderen Finger in die N\'e4he der Mitte des TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit dem zweiten Finger in einer kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung um den ersten Finger. Achten Sie darauf, dass der Abstand zwischen den zwei Fingern w\'e4hrend der kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung gleich bleibt. Gleiten Sie im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Objekt in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung zu drehen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Drehen in der rechten Ecke\b0\par
Um die Funktion \b Drehen in der rechten Ecke\b0  in der unteren rechten Ecke des TouchPad zu verwenden, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Drehen in der rechten Ecke\b0 . Die Verwendung der rechten Ecke des TouchPad ist m\'f6glicherweise bequemer, wenn Sie diese Geste mit der linken Hand durchf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoom-Geschwindigkeit\b0\par
Der Schieberegler "Zoom-Geschwindigkeit" steuert, wie schnell das Fenster als Reaktion auf eine Fingerbewegung im Zoombereich zoomt.\par
\par
Um langsamer zu zoomen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Langsam\b0 .\par
Um schneller zu zoomen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Schnell\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZones f\'fchren dieselben Funktionen wie physikalische Tasten durch. Es gibt zwei ClickZones am unteren Rand des ClickPad. Das Dr\'fccken einer ClickZone ist wie das Klicken einer rechten oder linken Taste. Um ClickZones zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b ClickZones aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
Wenn Sie ClickZones nicht aktivieren, m\'fcssen Sie \b Tippen\b0  aktivieren oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Tastenklick durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Die linke ClickZone f\'fchrt einen prim\'e4ren Klick durch. Die rechte ClickZone f\'fchrt einen sekund\'e4ren Klick durch. Um diese Einstellungen zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Linksklick\b0  oder \b Rechtsklick\b0  und konfigurieren Sie dies wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZones f\'fchren dieselben Funktionen wie physikalische Tasten durch. Es gibt drei ClickZones am unteren Rand des ClickPad: links, Mitte und rechts. Das Dr\'fccken einer ClickZone f\'fchrt dieselbe Funktion durch wie das Klicken mit einer Taste. Um ClickZones zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b ClickZones aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
Wenn Sie ClickZones nicht aktivieren, m\'fcssen Sie \b Tippen\b0  aktivieren oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Tastenklick durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Die linke ClickZone f\'fchrt einen prim\'e4ren Klick durch. Die rechte ClickZone f\'fchrt einen sekund\'e4ren Klick durch. Die mittlere ClickZone f\'fchrt dieselbe Funktion durch wie eine mittlere Taste. Um diese Einstellung zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Linksklick\b0 , \b Mittelklick\b0 oder \b Rechtsklick\b0  und konfigurieren Sie dies wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen eine Aktion aus der Liste ausw\'e4hlen, um sie der linken ClickZone zuzuweisen.\par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen eine Aktion aus der Liste ausw\'e4hlen, um sie der mittleren ClickZone zuzuweisen\par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen eine Aktion aus der Liste ausw\'e4hlen, um sie der rechten ClickZone zuzuweisen\par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZones f\'fchren dieselben Funktionen wie physikalische Tasten durch. Es gibt zwei ClickZones am unteren Rand des ClickPad. Das Dr\'fccken einer ClickZone ist wie das Klicken einer rechten oder linken Taste. Um ClickZones zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b ClickZones aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
Wenn Sie ClickZones nicht aktivieren, k\'f6nnen Sie die physikalischen Tasten aktivieren, damit sie einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Klick ausf\'fchren. Wenn Sie ClickZones oder die physikalischen Tasten nicht aktivieren, m\'fcssen Sie \b Tippzonen\b0  (unter dem Men\'fcbaum \b Tippen\b0 ) aktivieren oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Klick auszuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Die linke ClickZone und physikalische Taste f\'fchren einen prim\'e4ren Klick aus. Die rechte ClickZone und physikalische Taste f\'fchren einen sekund\'e4ren Klick aus. Um diese Einstellungen zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Linksklick\b0  oder \b Rechtsklick\b0  und konfigurieren Sie dies wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 , um zu sehen, wie ClickZones verwendet werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZones f\'fchren dieselben Funktionen wie physikalische Tasten durch. Es gibt drei ClickZones am unteren Rand des ClickPad: links, Mitte und rechts. Das Dr\'fccken einer ClickZone f\'fchrt dieselbe Funktion durch wie das Klicken einer linken, mittleren oder rechten Taste. Um ClickZones zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b ClickZones aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
Wenn Sie ClickZones nicht aktivieren, k\'f6nnen Sie physikalische Tasten aktivieren, damit sie einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Klick ausf\'fchren. Wenn Sie ClickZones oder physikalische Tasten nicht aktivieren, m\'fcssen Sie \b Tippzonen\b0 (unter dem Men\'fcbaum \b Tippen\b0 ) aktivieren oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Tastenklick auszuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Die linke ClickZone und Taste f\'fchren einen prim\'e4ren Klick aus. Die rechte ClickZone und Taste f\'fchren einen sekund\'e4ren Klick aus. Um diese Einstellungen zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Linksklick\b0  oder \b Rechtsklick\b0  und konfigurieren Sie dies wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen eine Aktion aus der Liste ausw\'e4hlen, um sie der linken ClickZone zuzuweisen. Die Option, die Sie f\'fcr die linke ClickZone ausw\'e4hlen, wird automatisch der linken Taste zugewiesen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel die Aktion f\'fcr die linke und rechte ClickZone tauschen m\'f6chten, k\'f6nnen Sie \b Sekund\'e4rer Klick\b0 ausw\'e4hlen. Achten Sie darauf, die Aktion f\'fcr die rechte ClickZone in \b Prim\'e4rer Klick\b0  zu \'e4ndern, um die \'c4nderung abzuschlie\'dfen.\par
\par
Viele Aktionen erfordern keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \'84Konfigurieren\ldblquote  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt. Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 , um eine linke ClickZone in Verwendung zu sehen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen eine Aktion aus der Liste ausw\'e4hlen, um sie der mittleren ClickZone zuzuweisen Die Option, die Sie f\'fcr die mittlere ClickZone ausw\'e4hlen, wird automatisch der mittleren physikalischen Taste zugewiesen (wenn es eine mittlere physikalische Taste gibt). Wenn Sie zum Beispiel \b Zur Start-Schaltfl\'e4che springen\b0 ausw\'e4hlen, f\'fchrt ein Mittelklick dazu, dass der Zeiger zur Schaltfl\'e4che \b Start\b0  in der Windows-Men\'fcleiste springt und das \b Startmen\'fc\b0 automatisch ge\'f6ffnet wird.\par
\par
Viele Aktionen erfordern keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt. Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \'84Video anzeigen\ldblquote , um eine mittlere ClickZone in Verwendung zu sehen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen eine Aktion aus der Liste ausw\'e4hlen, um sie der rechten ClickZone zuzuweisen Die Option, die Sie f\'fcr die rechte ClickZone ausw\'e4hlen, wird automatisch der rechten physikalischen Taste zugewiesen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel die Aktion f\'fcr die linke und rechte ClickZone tauschen m\'f6chten, k\'f6nnen Sie \b Prim\'e4rer Klick\b0 ausw\'e4hlen. Achten Sie darauf, die Aktion f\'fcr die linke ClickZone in \b Sekund\'e4rer Klick\b0  zu \'e4ndern, um die \'c4nderung abzuschlie\'dfen.\par
\par
Viele Aktionen erfordern keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt. Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 , um eine rechte ClickZone in Verwendung zu sehen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
Die ClickButtons-Funktion verwandelt die gesamte ClickPad-Fl\'e4che in eine gro\'dfe \'84virtuelle\ldblquote  Taste. Sie k\'f6nnen irgendwo auf das ClickPad dr\'fccken, um einen prim\'e4ren, sekund\'e4ren oder mittleren Tastenklick durchzuf\'fchren. W\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b ClickButtons aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu verwenden.\par
\par
Durch Dr\'fccken eine Fingers nach unten, f\'fchren Sie einen prim\'e4ren Klick aus. Durch Dr\'fccken von zwei Fingern nach unten f\'fchren Sie einen sekund\'e4ren Klick aus. Durch Dr\'fccken von drei Fingern nach unten f\'fchren Sie einen Mittelklick aus. Um diese Einstellungen zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Ein-Finger-Klick\b0 , \b Zwei-Finger-Klick\b0 oder \b Drei-Finger-Klick\b0  und konfigurieren Sie dies wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
Wenn Sie ClickButtons nicht aktivieren, m\'fcssen Sie \b Tippen\b0  aktivieren oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um einen prim\'e4ren, sekund\'e4ren oder mittleren Tastenklick durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Um einen Ein-Finger-Klick auszuf\'fchren, dr\'fccken Sie einen Finger auf der ClickPad-Fl\'e4che nach unten, bis Sie sp\'fcren, dass sich diese senkt. Standardm\'e4\'dfig entspricht ein Ein-Finger-Klick dem Klicken einer prim\'e4ren Taste. \par
\par
Wenn Sie die Voreinstellung \'e4ndern m\'f6chten, w\'e4hlen Sie eine Option aus der Liste. \par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt. \par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Um einen Zwei-Finger-Klick auszuf\'fchren, dr\'fccken Sie zwei Finger auf der ClickPad-Fl\'e4che nach unten, bis Sie sp\'fcren, dass diese sich senkt. Standardm\'e4\'dfig entspricht ein Zwei-Finger-Klick dem Klicken einer sekund\'e4ren Taste. \par
\par
Wenn Sie die Voreinstellung \'e4ndern m\'f6chten, w\'e4hlen Sie eine Option aus der Liste. \par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt. \par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Um einen Drei-Finger-Klick auszuf\'fchren, dr\'fccken Sie drei Finger auf der ClickPad-Fl\'e4che nach unten, bis Sie sp\'fcren, dass diese sich senkt. Standardm\'e4\'dfig entspricht ein Drei-Finger-Klick dem Klicken einer mittleren Taste. \par
\par
Wenn Sie die Voreinstellung \'e4ndern m\'f6chten, w\'e4hlen Sie eine Option aus der Liste. \par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt. \par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
Die ClickButtons-Funktion verwandelt die gesamte ClickPad-Fl\'e4che in eine gro\'dfe \'84virtuelle\ldblquote  Taste. Sie k\'f6nnen irgendwo dr\'fccken, um einen prim\'e4ren, sekund\'e4ren oder mittleren Tastenklick durchzuf\'fchren. W\'e4hlen Sie die Option \b ClickButtons aktivieren\b0 , um diese Funktion zu verwenden.\par
\par
Durch Dr\'fccken eine Fingers nach unten, f\'fchren Sie einen prim\'e4ren Klick aus. Durch Dr\'fccken von zwei Fingern nach unten f\'fchren Sie einen sekund\'e4ren Klick aus. Durch Dr\'fccken von drei Fingern nach unten f\'fchren Sie einen Mittelklick aus. Um diese Einstellungen zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Ein-Finger-Klick\b0 , \b Zwei-Finger-Klick\b0 oder \b Drei-Finger-Klick\b0  und konfigurieren Sie dies wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
Wenn Sie ClickButtons nicht aktivieren, k\'f6nnen Sie die physikalischen Tasten aktivieren, damit sie einen prim\'e4ren oder sekund\'e4ren Klick ausf\'fchren. Wenn Sie ClickButtons oder die physikalischen Tasten nicht aktivieren, m\'fcssen Sie \b Tippzonen\b0  (unter dem Men\'fcbaum \b Tippen\b0 ) aktivieren oder eine externe Maus verwenden, um einen prim\'e4ren, sekund\'e4ren oder mittleren Tastenklick auszuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Um Ihre Tasteneinstellungen zu \'e4ndern, w\'e4hlen Sie \b Physikalische Tasten\b0  im Men\'fcbaum und konfigurieren Sie dann den \b Linksklick\b0  und den \b Rechtsklick\b0  wie gew\'fcnscht.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 , um zu sehen, wie ClickButtons verwendet werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate\b0\par
Die TwistRotate-Geste erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, Elemente wie Fotos, PDF-Dateien oder andere Elemente zu drehen. Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b TwistRotate aktivieren\b0 .\par
\par
\b So f\'fchren Sie eine TwistRotate-Geste aus:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie das Objekt, das Sie drehen m\'f6chten.\par
2.\tab Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad. Zwischen Ihren Fingern sollte ein kleiner Abstand sein.\par
3.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn. Die Bewegung \'e4hnelt dem Drehen eines Knopfes.\par
4.\tab Wiederholen Sie die Drehbewegung bei Bedarf.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
Die Klicken-und-Ziehen-Funktion erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, ClickZones zum Bewegen von Dingen zu verwenden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Verwenden Sie Ihren Cursor, um das Element zu markieren, das Sie bewegen m\'f6chten.\par
2.\tab Dr\'fccken Sie auf die ClickZone, die einen prim\'e4ren Klick ausf\'fchrt. Standardm\'e4\'dfig ist dies die linke ClickZone.\par
3.\tab Halten Sie die ClickZone gedr\'fcckt, w\'e4hrend Sie einen zweiten Finger verwenden, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Element zum gew\'fcnschten Ort zu ziehen.\par
4.\tab Heben Sie Ihren Finger von der ClickZone, wenn Sie das gezogene Element loslassen m\'f6chten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Wenn Sie bei der Ausf\'fchrung einer Klicken-und-Ziehen-Geste Probleme haben, vergewissern Sie sich, dass ClickZones aktiviert sind und dass Sie die ClickZone dr\'fccken, die f\'fcr die Ausf\'fchrung eines prim\'e4ren Klicks konfiguriert ist.\par
\par
W\'e4hlen Sie \b Tasten und ClickZones\b0  im Men\'fcbaum, um Ihre ClickZone-Einstellungen zu \'fcberpr\'fcfen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen Klicken-und-Ziehen mit einem Finger ausf\'fchren, um ein ausgew\'e4hltes Element zu bewegen. Sie k\'f6nnen Klicken-und-Ziehen mit zwei Fingern ausf\'fchren, um das \'c4quivalent zum Klicken-und-Ziehen mit der rechten physikalischen Taste auszuf\'fchren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\b So f\'fchren Sie eine Klicken-und-Ziehen-Geste mit einem Finger aus:\b0\par
1.\tab Verwenden Sie Ihren Cursor, um das Element zu markieren, das Sie bewegen m\'f6chten.\par
2.\tab Dr\'fccken Sie mit einem Finger auf das ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Halten Sie das ClickPad gedr\'fcckt, w\'e4hrend Sie das ausgew\'e4hlte Element zum gew\'fcnschten Ort ziehen.\par
4.\tab Heben Sie Ihren Finger vom ClickPad, wenn Sie das Element loslassen m\'f6chten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b So f\'fchren Sie eine Klicken-und-Ziehen-Geste mit zwei Fingern aus:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Verwenden Sie Ihren Cursor, um das Element zu markieren, das Sie bewegen m\'f6chten. \par
2.\tab Dr\'fccken Sie mit zwei Fingern auf das ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Halten Sie das ClickPad gedr\'fcckt, w\'e4hrend Sie das ausgew\'e4hlte Element zum gew\'fcnschten Ort ziehen.\par
4.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Finger vom ClickPad, wenn Sie das Element loslassen m\'f6chten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler f\'fcr die \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie viel Fingerdruck aufgewandt werden muss, bevor das Scroll Pad reagiert.\par
\par
Wenn Ihr Scroll Pad unberechenbar reagiert oder Sie in einem Bereich mit hoher Luftfeuchtigkeit arbeiten, verringern Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Scheiberegler nach rechts in Richtung \b Starke Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
Wenn Sie zu stark dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, um das Scroll Pad zu bet\'e4tigen, erh\'f6hen Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Schiebregler nach links in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Mit den \b Empfindlichkeits\b0  -Einstellungen k\'f6nnen Sie die Art und Weise, wie das Scroll Pad auf Ihre Ber\'fchrung reagiert, anpassen. Um die Empfindlichkeitseinstellungen anzupassen, w\'e4hlen Sie ein Element aus dem Men\'fcbaum \b Empfindlichkeit\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
Die \b PalmCheck\b0\'99-Funktion sch\'fctzt vor Bet\'e4tigen des Scroll Pads durch versehentliches Ber\'fchren. Durch PalmCheck erkennt das Scroll Pad, ob sich Ihre Handfl\'e4che darauf befindet oder \'fcber die Fl\'e4che streift, w\'e4hrend Sie tippen. Dies hilft, unerw\'fcnschtes Scrollen zu verhindern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
Das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Taste aktivieren\b0  aktiviert die Taste f\'fcr dieses Ger\'e4t. Um die Aktion zu konfigurieren, die ausgef\'fchrt wird, wenn Sie die Taste dr\'fccken, w\'e4hlen Sie den Namen der Taste aus dem Men\'fcbaum.\par
\par
Wenn \b Taste aktivieren\b0  nicht markiert ist, ist die Taste deaktiviert und das Dr\'fccken hat keinen Effekt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion aus der obigen Liste, um sie der ausgew\'e4hlten Taste zuzuweisen. Die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion erfolgt jedes Mal, wenn Sie die Taste dr\'fccken.\par
\par
Beachten Sie, dass die Taste aktiviert sein muss, damit Sie ihr eine Aktion zuweisen k\'f6nnen. Um die Taste zu aktivieren, gehen Sie folgenderma\'dfen vor:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie \b Taste\b0  im Men\'fcbaum auf der linken Seite.\par
2.\tab Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Taste aktivieren\b0 .\par
3.\tab W\'e4hlen Sie die Taste aus dem Men\'fcbaum \b Taste\b0 , um zu dieser Seite zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Mit diesen Optionen k\'f6nnen Sie angeben, welches Fenster oder Element gescrollt wird, wenn Sie Scrollen verwenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Einige Anwendungen erm\'f6glichen es Ihnen, den Grad der Drehung anzugeben. Die Option, die Sie im Feld \b Grad der Drehung aktivieren\b0  ausgew\'e4hlen, wird angewandt, wenn die Anwendung sie unterst\'fctzt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Video anzeigen\b0 , um zu sehen, wie diese Geste ausgef\'fchrt wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
Bei ausgew\'e4hlter Option \'84Filtern bei Tippen auf den Rand aktivieren\ldblquote , wird versehentliches Fingertippen auf den Rand des TouchPads ignoriert.\par
\par
Die Randregion wird durch den Bereich mit Kreuzschraffierung wie oben dargestellt angegeben. Sie k\'f6nnen die Gr\'f6\'dfe der Randregion anpassen, indem Sie die schwarzen Gr\'f6\'dfen\'e4nderungsgriffe ziehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Zeigerbewegung, Bereichsauswahl, Scrollregion und Gesteneingabe durch diese Einstellung nicht beeinflusst werden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
Die Startzonenfunktion hilft bei der Minimierung versehentlicher Zeigerbewegung und Bereichsauswahl.\par
\par
Wenn diese Option ausgew\'e4hlt ist, muss Ihr Finger anfangs das TouchPad in der Startzone ber\'fchren, damit eine Zeigerbewegung oder Bereichsauswahl stattfindet. Wenn eine Zeigerbewegung oder Bereichsauswahl bei anf\'e4nglicher Ber\'fchrung au\'dferhalb der Startzone versucht wird, wird die Ber\'fchrung ignoriert. Solange die Zeigerbewegung oder Bereichsauswahl innerhalb der Startzone beginnt, funktionieren Bereiche des TouchPads, die sich au\'dferhalb der Startzone befinden, normal, bis die Startzone zur\'fcckgesetzt wird. Durch Einstellen des obigen Schiebereglers k\'f6nnen Sie angeben, wann die Startzone zur\'fcckgesetzt wird, wenn keine Ber\'fchrung des Pads erfolgt. Tippen, Scrollregionen und Gesten sind von der Startzonenoption nicht betroffen.\par
\par
Um optimale Ergebnisse zu erhalten, aktivieren Sie die PalmCheck-Funktion zus\'e4tzlich zu dieser Funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler f\'fcr die \b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0  k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie viel Fingerdruck aufgewandt werden muss, bevor der Scroll Sensor reagiert.\par
\par
Wenn Ihr Scroll Sensor unberechenbar reagiert oder Sie in einem Bereich mit hoher Luftfeuchtigkeit arbeiten, verringern Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Scheiberegler nach rechts in Richtung \b Starke Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
Wenn Sie zu stark dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, um den Scroll Sensor zu bet\'e4tigen, erh\'f6hen Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Schiebregler nach links in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Mit den \b Empfindlichkeits\b0  -Einstellungen k\'f6nnen Sie die Art und Weise, wie der Scroll Sensor auf Ihre Ber\'fchrung reagiert, anpassen. Um die Empfindlichkeitseinstellungen anzupassen, w\'e4hlen Sie ein Element aus dem Men\'fcbaum \b Empfindlichkeit\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
Wenn doppeltes Tippen mit zwei Fingern aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen Sie gleichzeitig mit zwei Fingern zweimal auf das TouchPad tippen, um die Anwendung Ihrer Wahl zu starten. (Achten Sie darauf, dass ein kleiner Abstand zwischen den Fingern ist.) Klicken Sie auf \'84Konfigurieren\ldblquote , um auszuw\'e4hlen, welche Anwendung Sie mit dieser Geste starten m\'f6chten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
Die Startzone wird durch den Bereich mit Kreuzschraffierung wie oben dargestellt angegeben. Sie k\'f6nnen die Gr\'f6\'dfe der Startzone anpassen, indem Sie die schwarzen Gr\'f6\'dfen\'e4nderungsgriffe ziehen. \par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Was ist ein ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
Ein Synaptics ClickPad\'99 ist \'e4hnlich wie ein Synaptics TouchPad\'99. Ein ClickPad kann f\'fcr das Scrollen, Zeigen und die Auswahl genauso wie ein TouchPad verwendet werden.\par
\par
Ein ClickPad senkt sich jedoch, wenn es gedr\'fcckt wird. Wenn Sie auf ein ClickPad dr\'fccken, f\'fchlt sich das \'e4hnlich an, wie das Dr\'fccken einer physikalischen Taste. Dies macht das ClickPad zu einer praktischen Alternative zu physikalischen Tasten oder einer Maus.\par
\par
Ihr ClickPad hat eine oder zwei der folgenden Funktionen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx180\par
W\'e4hlen Sie die Funktion im Men\'fcbaum links, um mehr dar\'fcber zu erfahren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Vergr\'f6\'dferungsmodus\b0\par
Bei aktivierter Vergr\'f6\'dferungsoption kann der Zeiger in eine Lupe umgewandelt und zum Vergr\'f6\'dfern eines Teils des Bildschirms verwendet werden. Geben Sie die Gr\'f6\'dfe der Vergr\'f6\'dferung (zwischen 100 und 400 Pixel in jede Richtung) und die voreingestellte Zoomstufe ein.\par
\par
\b So rufen Sie den Vergr\'f6\'dferungsmodus auf und verwenden ihn:\b0\par
Legen Sie einen Finger auf das TouchPad und tippen Sie zweimal mit einem zweiten Finger. Ein Rechteck (Lupe) wird angezeigt.\par
\par
Im Vergr\'f6\'dferungsmodus k\'f6nnen Sie die Lupe wie einen Zeiger zum \'c4ndern der Position bewegen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Pinch-Zoom-Geste verwenden, um die Vergr\'f6\'dferung zu erh\'f6hen oder zu verringern.\par
\par
\b So beenden Sie den Vergr\'f6\'dferungsmodus:\b0\par
Klicken Sie mit der linken Maustaste, tippen Sie auf das TouchPad oder dr\'fccken Sie Esc auf der Tastatur, um zum normalen Zeigermodus zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Einmaliges Tippen mit zwei Fingern\b0\par
Wenn Sie das einmalige Tippen mit zwei Fingern aktivieren, k\'f6nnen Sie das TouchPad so konfigurieren, dass es wie eine Taste reagiert, wenn Sie mit zwei Fingern darauf tippen. W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion aus der Liste, um sie dem einmaligen Tippen mit zwei Fingern zuzuweisen, und konfigurieren Sie sie, falls erforderlich.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Vertikale Striche mit drei Fingern\b0\par
Der vertikale Strich mit drei Fingern bietet Shortcuts zum Arbeitsplatz und zum Task-Switcher. Um den Strich mit drei Fingern nach oben zu aktivieren, klicken Sie auf das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \'84Arbeitsplatz\ldblquote . Um den Strich mit drei Fingern nach unten zu aktivieren, klicken Sie auf das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \'84Zwischen Fenstern wechseln\ldblquote .\par
\par
\b Strich mit drei Fingern nach oben:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger (etwas voneinander entfernt) auf den unteren Rand des TouchPads.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern in Richtung oberer Rand des TouchPads.\par
3.\tab Das Fenster \'84Arbeitsplatz\ldblquote  wird ge\'f6ffnet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Strich mit drei Fingern nach unten:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie drei Finger (etwas voneinander entfernt) in die N\'e4he des oberen Rands des TouchPads.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach unten zum unteren Rand des TouchPads.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Finger vom TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Der Task-Switcher wird gestartet.\par
5.\tab Verwenden Sie horizontale Striche mit drei Fingern nach links oder rechts, um zwischen Anwendungen zu wechseln.\par
6.\tab Wenn die gew\'fcnschte Anwendung markiert ist, heben Sie alle Finger vom TouchPad, um zu ihr zu wechseln.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 soll Zeigerbewegungen \'fcber gro\'dfe Strecken erleichtern. Wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPads erreicht, bewegt sich der Zeiger weiter in dieselbe Richtung, bis Sie Ihren Finger heben. \par
\par
Um EdgeMotion zu aktivieren, vergewissern Sie sich, dass Tippen aktiviert ist, und w\'e4hlen Sie dann die gew\'fcnschten EdgeMotion-Optionen. \par
\par
Die Scrollfunktion unterst\'fctzt ebenfalls EdgeMotion. Um EdgeMotion beim Scrollen zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie die gew\'fcnschten Scrolloptionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
Die Funktion \b TouchPad-Deaktivierungszone\b0  erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, das TouchPad zu aktivieren oder zu deaktivieren, indem Sie zweimal auf die Eckzone des TouchPads tippen.\par
Wenn das TouchPad aktiviert ist, tippen Sie zweimal auf die Ecke, um es zu deaktivieren. Wenn das TouchPad deaktiviert ist, tippen Sie zweimal auf die Ecke, um es zu aktivieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Wenn Sie dieses K\'e4stchen markieren, wird das doppelte Tippen zur Aktivierung dieser Funktion eingeschaltet. Wenn Sie die Markierung von diesem K\'e4stchen entfernen, wird das doppelte Tippen zum Deaktivieren ausgeschaltet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das vertikale und horizontale Scrollen zu aktivieren.\par
Gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach oben oder nach unten auf dem TouchPad, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Element oder Fenster vertikal zu bewegen.\par
Gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach links oder nach rechts auf dem TouchPad, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Element oder Fenster horizontal zu bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das vertikale und horizontale Scrollen zu aktivieren.\par
Gleiten Sie mit Ihren zwei Fingern nach oben oder nach unten auf dem TouchPad, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Element oder Fenster vertikal zu bewegen.\par
Gleiten Sie mit Ihren zwei Fingern nach links oder nach rechts auf dem TouchPad, um das ausgew\'e4hlte Element oder Fenster horizontal zu bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
Wenn doppeltes Tippen mit zwei Fingern aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen Sie gleichzeitig mit zwei Fingern zweimal auf das TouchPad\'99 tippen, um die Anwendung Ihrer Wahl zu starten. (Achten Sie darauf, dass ein kleiner Abstand zwischen den Fingern ist.) Klicken Sie auf \'84Konfigurieren\ldblquote , um auszuw\'e4hlen, welche Anwendung Sie mit dieser Geste starten m\'f6chten.\par
\par
So aktivieren Sie doppeltes Tippen mit zwei Fingern:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Vergewissern Sie sich, dass \b Tippen aktivieren\b0  auf der Seite \b Tippen\b0  ausgew\'e4hlt ist.\par
2.\tab Markieren Sie das obige Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippen mit zwei Fingern aktivieren\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b TouchPad\'99 ausschalten\b0\par
Wenn Sie das TouchPad\'99 nicht verwenden m\'f6chten, k\'f6nnen Sie es ausschalten. Tippen Sie zweimal in die obere linke Ecke des TouchPads\'99. Das TouchPad\'99-Symbol in der Symbolleiste \'e4ndert sich, um anzugeben, dass das TouchPad\'99 nicht f\'fcr die Verwendung verf\'fcgbar ist.\par
Um das TouchPad\'99 wieder einzuschalten, klicken Sie erneut zweimal auf die obere linke Ecke. Das Symbol in der Symbolleiste kehrt in den aktivierten Zustand zur\'fcck.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
Die Option \b TouchPad\'99 ausschalten\b0  sorgt daf\'fcr, dass das TouchPad\'99 ausgeschaltet bleibt, bis Sie es durch zweimaliges Tippen auf die obere linke Ecke f\'fcr die Verwendung wiederherstellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
Die Option \b TouchPad\'99 f\'fcr eine Sitzung ausschalten\b0  schaltet das TouchPad\'99 f\'fcr den Rest der aktuellen Sitzung aus. Das TouchPad\'99 wird automatisch f\'fcr die Verwendung wiederhergestellt, wenn Sie sich das n\'e4chste Mal anmelden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Empfindlichkeit\b0\par
Mit den Einstellungen f\'fcr die Empfindlichkeit k\'f6nnen Sie die Art und Weise, wie der Scroll Sensor auf Ihre Ber\'fchrung reagiert, anpassen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Die Bl\'e4tterfunktion unterst\'fctzt ebenfalls EdgeMotion\'99. Um EdgeMotion\'99 w\'e4hrend des Bl\'e4tterns zu verwenden, w\'e4hlen Sie \b EdgeMotion\'99 beim Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0  unter \b Bl\'e4ttern mit einem Finger\b0  oder \b Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern\b0  unter \b Bl\'e4ttern\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
Bei Aktivierung unterst\'fctzt dieser Filter die Vorhersage, ob Sie die Region f\'fcr das Bl\'e4ttern mit einem Finger absichtlich verwenden. Wenn Sie bemerken, dass Sie das Bl\'e4ttern versehentlich ausl\'f6sen, aktivieren Sie diesen Filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
Bei Aktivierung unterst\'fctzt dieser Filter die Vorhersage, ob Sie Kneif-Zoom, Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern, Drehen und Anwendungsgesten absichtlich verwenden.\par
\par
Der Bereich des Pads, der die Verwendung von Gesten erm\'f6glicht, ist durch den oben dargestellten kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereich angegeben. Sie k\'f6nnen die Gr\'f6\'dfe dieses Bereichs anpassen, indem Sie die schwarzen Gr\'f6\'dfen\'e4nderungsgriffe ziehen.\par
\par
Wenn der erste Kontakt au\'dferhalb des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs erfolgt, wird die Geste ignoriert. Wenn Sie Kneif-Zoom, Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern oder Drehen versehentlich ausl\'f6sen, aktivieren Sie diesen Filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b MultiFinger-Gesten\b0\par
MultiFinger-Gesten bieten Shortcuts f\'fcr h\'e4ufig verwendete Anwendungen oder Funktionen. Die Reaktion des Computers auf diese Gesten kann anwendungsspezifisch sein. Klicken Sie auf die Hilfe f\'fcr die einzelnen Gesten, um zu erfahren, was sie tun.
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern\b0\par
Die Funktion "Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern" erm\'f6glicht es Ihnen, \'fcberall auf dem TouchPad\'99 vertikal oder horizontal zu bl\'e4ttern. Legen Sie zwei Finger auf das TouchPad\'99 und gleiten Sie mit ihnen in die gew\'fcnschte Richtung. Sie m\'fcssen sich zum Bl\'e4ttern nicht in einem Bildlaufbereich befinden.\par
\par
Sehen Sie das Video an, um zu erfahren, wie Sie das Bl\'e4ttern mit zwei Fingern verwenden. Stellen Sie sicher, dass die Finger etwas voneinander entfernt sind. Heben Sie beide Finger vom TouchPad\'99, um mit dem Bl\'e4ttern aufzuh\'f6ren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Vertikales Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das vertikale Bl\'e4ttern zu aktivieren. Gleiten Sie mit zwei Fingern nach oben oder unten auf dem TouchPad\'99, um im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element vertikal zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Horizontales Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um das virtuelle Bl\'e4ttern in Fenstern mit horizontalen Bildlaufleisten zu aktivieren. Wenn Sie mit Ihrem Finger vor und zur\'fcck entlang dem unteren Rand des TouchPads\'99 gleiten, bl\'e4ttern Sie im ausgew\'e4hlten Fenster oder Element horizontal.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99 beim Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, wenn Sie weiter bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, wenn Ihre Finger den Rand des TouchPads\'99 erreichen. Um das Bl\'e4ttern anzuhalten, heben Sie Ihre Finger vom TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Randbegrenzung aktivieren\b0\par
Die Randbegrenzung hilft Ihnen, m\'fchelos durch lange Dokumente zu bl\'e4ttern. Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, wenn Sie weiter bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, nachdem Sie Ihre Finger von der TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che gehoben haben. Um die Randbegrenzung zu verwenden, bewegen und heben Sie Ihre Finger in einer z\'fcgigen Bewegung. Um die Randbegrenzung zu stoppen, legen Sie Ihre Finger wieder auf das TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b\'dcben\b0\par
Klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che "\'dcben", um ein einfaches Labyrinth auszuf\'fchren, das Ihnen hilft, das Bl\'e4ttern zu lernen.\par
\par
Suchen Sie, bevor Sie beginnen, den Start- und Endpunkt des Labyrinths. Sie k\'f6nnen nicht das gesamte Labyrinth gleichzeitig sehen, da es gr\'f6\'dfer als das Anzeigefenster ist. Bl\'e4ttern Sie, um Ihre Ansicht des Labyrinths im Fenster zu verschieben. Halten Sie die STRG-Taste gedr\'fcckt und verwenden Sie die Bl\'e4tterfunktion, um die Gr\'f6\'dfe des Labyrinths zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Ein gelber Punkt in der oberen linken Ecke des Labyrinths markiert den Eingang. Ein blauer Punkt auf der rechten Seite des Labyrinths markiert den Ausgang.\par
\par
So \'fcben Sie das Bl\'e4ttern:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicken Sie auf das rote Quadrat im gelben Punkt.\par
2.\tab Verwenden Sie die Pfeiltasten oder tippen Sie auf Ihr TouchPad\'99, um durch das Labyrinth zu navigieren.\par
3.\tab Verwenden Sie die gew\'fcnschte Bl\'e4ttermethode, um Ihre Ansicht des Labyrinths zu bewegen.\par
4.\tab Schlie\'dfen Sie das Bl\'e4tter\'fcbungsfenster, nachdem Sie den blauen Punkt rechts erreicht haben.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Kneif-Zoom\b0\par
Die Kneif-Zoom-Geste bietet eine Zoomfunktion in vielen Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen die Kneif-Zoom-Geste verwenden, um bei Windows-Standardanwendungen, die die STRG-SCROLLRAD-Zoomfunktion unterst\'fctzen, dieselben Funktionen durchzuf\'fchren wie das Scrollrad.\par
\par
Markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen "Kneif-Zoom", um die Kneifgeste zum Zoomen zu aktivieren. Sehen Sie das Video an, um zu lernen, wie Sie die Geste ausf\'fchren. Verwenden Sie Ihre Fingerspitzen, um optimale Ergebnisse zu erhalten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoom-Geschwindigkeit\b0\par
Der Schieberegler f\'fcr die Zoom-Geschwindigkeit steuert, wie schnell das Fenster als Reaktion auf die Kneif-Zoom-Geste zoomt.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Um langsamer zu zoomen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Langsam\b0.\par
Um schneller zu zoomen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Schnell\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Pivot-Drehen aktivieren\b0\par
Wenn dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen Sie einen Gegenstand, zum Beispiel ein Foto, in 90-Grad-Schritten drehen.\par
\par
Sehen Sie das Video an, um zu lernen, wie Sie diese Geste ausf\'fchren. Achten Sie darauf, dass der Abstand zwischen den beiden Fingern w\'e4hrend der Ausf\'fchrung der Geste gleich bleibt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Pivot in der rechten Ecke\b0\par
Um die Funktion "Pivot-Drehen" in der unteren rechten Ecke des TouchPads\'99 zu verwenden, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen "Pivot in der rechten Ecke". Dies kann bei Ausf\'fchrung der Pivot-Drehen-Geste mit der linken Hand bequemer sein.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\'99 aktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses K\'e4stchen, um die ChiralRotate\'99-Geste zum Drehen von Gegenst\'e4nden in 90-Grad-Schritten zu verwenden. Beachten Sie, dass die ChiralRotate\'99-Geste nur bei unterst\'fctzten Anwendungen funktioniert.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die ChiralRotate\'99-Geste:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger auf die linke Zielzone (unten) auf dem TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach oben oder nach unten und beginnen Sie mit einer kreisf\'f6rmigen Bewegung. Um das Objekt im Uhrzeigersinn zu drehen, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger im Uhrzeigersinn. Um das Objekt entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn zu drehen, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad\'99, um zum Zeigemodus zur\'fcckzukehren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Drei-Finger-Druck\b0\par
Wenn dieses K\'e4stchen markiert ist, startet ein Drei-Finger-Druck eine bestimmte Anwendung. Um die Anwendung(en) anzupassen, die gestartet wird/werden, klicken Sie auf die Schaltfl\'e4che "Einstellungen".\par
\par
Sehen Sie das Video an, um zu erfahren, wie Sie einen Drei-Finger-Druck ausf\'fchren. Achten Sie darauf, dass sich ein kleiner Abstand zwischen Ihren Fingern befindet, wenn Sie diese Geste ausf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler f\'fcr die Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit k\'f6nnen Sie steuern, wie viel Fingerdruck erforderlich ist, um den Zeiger mit einer bestimmten Geschwindigkeit zu bewegen. Wenn es zu unberechenbaren Zeigerbewegungen kommt, versuchen Sie, den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Starke Ber\'fchrung\b0  zu bewegen. Wenn der Druck nicht registriert wird, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern\b0\par
Die Bl\'e4tterfunktion erm\'f6glicht Ihnen die Bedienung der Bildlaufleisten eines Fensters, ohne den Zeiger von Ihrer Arbeit weg zu bewegen. Die Bl\'e4tterfunktion funktioniert mit den meisten bildlauff\'e4higen Fenstern, zum Beispiel Dokumenten, Tabellenkalkulation und gro\'dfen Digitalbildern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Umgekehrte Bl\'e4tterrichtung aktivieren\b0\par
Diese Funktion erm\'f6glicht Ihnen die \'c4nderung des \'fcblichen Bl\'e4tterverhaltens. Beim \'fcblichen Bl\'e4ttern bewegt sich die Bildlaufleiste in Richtung der Fingerbewegung. Bei Umkehr der Bl\'e4tterrichtung bewegt sich das Dokument oder Objekt in Richtung der Fingerbewegung.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling aktivieren\b0\'99\par
Diese Funktion erm\'f6glicht Ihnen das fortw\'e4hrende Bl\'e4ttern mit einer z\'fcgigigen Kreisbewegung. Die Bl\'e4ttergeschwindigkeit wird durch die Fingergeschwindigkeit gesteuert. Um diese Funktion zu aktivieren, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen "ChiralScrolling aktivieren".\par
\par
So verwenden Sie ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie einen Finger auf die Ziel-Zone. Wenn Sie nach oben oder nach unten bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, ist die rechte Seite des TouchPads\'99 die Zielzone. Wenn Sie nach links oder nach rechts bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, ist der untere Rand des TouchPads\'99 die Zielzone.\par
2.\tab Bewegen Sie Ihren Finger in die Richtung, in die Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, und beginnen Sie dann damit, Ihren Finger im Uhrzeigersinn oder entgegen dem Uhrzeigersinn im Kreis zu bewegen. Sobald Sie mit dem ChiralScrolling begonnen haben, k\'f6nnen Sie mit Ihrem Finger an einen beliebigen Ort auf dem TouchPad\'99 gehen, w\'e4hrend Sie weiterhin kreisf\'f6rmige Bewegungen ausf\'fchren. Hinweis: Um die Bl\'e4tterrichtung zu \'e4ndern, bewegen Sie Ihren Finger einfach in die entgegengesetzte Richtung. Sie bl\'e4ttern dann in die andere Richtung.\par
3.\tab Um mit dem Bl\'e4ttern aufzuh\'f6ren und wieder in den Zeigemodus zur\'fcckzukehren, heben Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99 beim Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, wenn Sie weiter bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPads\'99 erreicht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Bildlaufbereich\b0\par
Das Diagramm des Bildlaufbereichs stellt die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPads\'99 dar. Der kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Bildlaufbereiche auf der TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che.\par
\par
Wenn Sie Ihren Finger auf das TouchPad\'99 legen, werden Pfeile entlang dem Rand des TouchPad\'99-Diagramms angezeigt, um die Position Ihres Finger anzugeben. Wenn sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven Bildlaufbereich auf dem TouchPad\'99 befindet, wird der entsprechende Bereich auf dem Diagramm einfarbig.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen die Bildlaufbereiche gr\'f6\'dfer oder kleiner machen, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs ziehen. Wenn Sie Schwierigkeiten haben, das Bl\'e4ttern auszul\'f6sen, machen Sie den Bildlaufbereich gr\'f6\'dfer, indem Sie die R\'e4nder des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs nach innen bewegen. Wenn das Bl\'e4ttern Ihrer Meinung nach zu schnell ausgel\'f6st wird, machen Sie den Bildlaufbereich kleiner.\par
\par
Wenn der Bildlaufbereich abgegraut ist und nicht angepasst werden kann, stellen Sie sicher, dass vertikales und horizontales Bl\'e4ttern aktiviert ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Drehen\b0\par
Die Funktion "Drehen" bietet praktische Gesten f\'fcr das Drehen von Fotos und anderen Objekten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
Die PalmCheck\'99-Funktion sch\'fctzt vor Bet\'e4tigen des TouchPads\'99 durch versehentliches Ber\'fchren. Durch PalmCheck\'99 erkennt das TouchPad\'99, ob sich Ihre Handfl\'e4che darauf befindet oder \'fcber die Fl\'e4che streift, w\'e4hrend Sie tippen, und ignoriert diese Ber\'fchrung. Dies verhindert unerw\'fcnschte Zeigerbewegungen oder Klicks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\'99-Empfindlichkeit\b0\par
Die PalmCheck\'99-Empfindlichkeit kann so eingestellt werden, dass sie zu Ihren Tipp- und Zeigegewohnheiten passt.\par
\par
Wenn das TouchPad\'99 unerw\'fcnschte Zeigerbewegungen oder Klicks zeigt, erh\'f6hen Sie die PalmCheck\'99-Einstellung, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Maximum\b0 bewegen.\par
\par
Wenn das TouchPad\'99 beabsichtigte Bewegungen oder Tippvorg\'e4nge nicht erkennt, verringern Sie die PalmCheck\'99-Einstellung, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Minimum\b0 bewegen. Nicht erkannte Bewegungen oder Tippvorg\'e4nge kommen h\'e4ufiger vor, wenn sich der Schieberegler im roten Bereich befindet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
Die Momentum-Funktion sorgt f\'fcr eine z\'fcgige, schnelle, Trackball-\'e4hnliche Mausbewegung. Sie k\'f6nnen den Cursor mit einem schnellen Schnalzen mit dem Finger auf der TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che \'fcber den gesamten Computerbildschirm bewegen. Momentum verringert die Wiederholungsbewegungen und die Erm\'fcdung, die mit der Bewegung des Cursors \'fcber lange Strecken verbunden sind, und bietet gleichzeitig ein fl\'fcssiges und nat\'fcrliches Gef\'fchl, \'e4hnlich wie bei der Verwendung eines Trackballs. Momentum ist ideal f\'fcr Real Time Strategy (RTS)-Spiele, First Person Shooter (FPS)-Spiele und Role Playing Games (RPG).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Gleitentfernung\b0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler f\'fcr die Gleitentfernung k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie weit der Cursor als Reaktion auf ein Schnalzen des Fingers auf dem TouchPad\'99 geht. Tippen Sie zum Stoppen des Cursors einmal oder legen Sie Ihren Finger auf die TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che.\par
\par
Um die Gleitentfernung zu erh\'f6hen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Lang\b0 , um sie zu verringern, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Kurz\b0.\par
\par
\b Abprallen von Bildschirmrand aktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen, um den Cursor innerhalb der Grenzen des Computerbildschirms zu halten. Die Funktion "Abprallen vom Bildschirmrand" erleichtert das Aufrufen von Men\'fcoptionen und Steuerungen, die sich in der N\'e4he der R\'e4nder des Bildschirms befinden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
Die EdgeMotion\'99-Funktion soll Zeigerbewegungen \'fcber gro\'dfe Strecken erleichtern. Wenn Ihr Finger den Rand des TouchPads\'99 erreicht, bewegt sich der Zeiger weiter in dieselbe Richtung, bis Sie Ihren Finger heben.\par
\par
Die Bl\'e4tterfunktion unterst\'fctzt ebenfalls EdgeMotion\'99. Um EdgeMotion\'99 w\'e4hrend des Bl\'e4tterns zu verwenden, markieren Sie das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b EdgeMotion\'99 beim Bl\'e4ttern aktivieren\b0  unter \b Bl\'e4ttern\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99-Bereich\b0\par
Das Diagramm des EdgeMotion\'99-Bereichs im Einstellungen-Fenster stellt die Fl\'e4che des TouchPads\'99 dar. Der kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die EdgeMotion\'99-Bereiche auf der TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che.\par
\par
Wenn Sie Ihren Finger auf das TouchPad\'99 legen, werden Pfeile entlang dem Rand des Diagramms des EdgeMotion\'99-Bereichs angezeigt, um die Position Ihres Fingers anzugeben. Wenn sich Ihr Finger in einem aktiven EdgeMotion\'99-Bereich auf dem TouchPad\'99 befindet, wird der entsprechende EdgeMotion\'99-Bereich auf dem Diagramm einfarbig.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen die EdgeMotion\'99-Bereiche gr\'f6\'dfer oder kleiner machen, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate am Rand des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs ziehen. Wenn Sie Schwierigkeiten haben, EdgeMotion\'99 auszul\'f6sen, machen Sie den EdgeMotion\'99-Bereich gr\'f6\'dfer, indem Sie die R\'e4nder des kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereichs nach innen bewegen. Wenn EdgeMotion\'99 zu leicht ausgel\'f6st wird, machen Sie den EdgeMotion\'99-Bereich kleiner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Geschwindigkeit durch Fingerdruck steuern\b0\par
Wenn diese Option markiert ist, wird die EdgeMotion\'99-Geschwindigkeit danach festgelegt, wie sehr Sie mit Ihrem Finger auf das TouchPad\'99 dr\'fccken. Wenn Sie fester dr\'fccken, wird die Bildlaufgeschwindigkeit erh\'f6ht.\par
\par
\b Feste Geschwindigkeit\b0\par
Wenn diese Option markiert ist, bewegt sich der Zeiger immer mit einer konstanten, angegebenen Geschwindigkeit, wenn sich der Finger im EdgeMotion\'99-Bereich befindet.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Zug\'e4nglichkeit\b0\par
Mit der Zug\'e4nglichkeitsfunktion k\'f6nnen Sie angeben, wie der Zeiger auf Zeigeaktionen reagiert, zum Beispiel wenn der Zeiger in einem Fenster gehalten wird, die Geschwindigkeit der Bewegung verlangsamt wird oder die Richtung der Zeigerbewegung eingeschr\'e4nkt wird.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Randbegrenzung aktivieren\b0\par
Diese Option beschr\'e4nkt den Zeiger auf das aktive Fenster. Wenn Sie das erste Mal versuchen, den Zeiger au\'dferhalb des Fensters zu bewegen, stoppt er am Rand. Wenn Sie es ein zweites Mal versuchen, kann der Zeiger das Fenster verlassen.\par
\par
Das Stoppen des Zeigers am Fensterrand erleichtert den Zugriff auf Steuerungen, die in der N\'e4he der R\'e4nder eines Fensters liegen. Um zum Beispiel ein Fenster zu schlie\'dfen oder seine Gr\'f6\'dfe zu \'e4ndern, k\'f6nnen Sie den Zeiger schnell in die allgemeine Richtung des Feldes "Schlie\'dfen" oder des Randes des Fensters bewegen und der Zeiger stoppt genau am Rand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Langsame Bewegung aktivieren\b0\par
Wenn diese Option aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen Sie die Geschwindigkeit des Zeigers verringern, um die Zeigegenauigkeit zur Feinpositionierung zu verbessern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung aktivieren\b0\par
Mit dieser Funktion k\'f6nnen Sie nur horizontale oder vertikale Bewegungen des Zeigers auf dem Bildschirm erzwingen. Diese Funktion ist bei Verwendung eines Zeichenprogramms am n\'fctzlichsten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Tippen\b0\par
Wenn dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen aktiviert ist, f\'fchrt ein Tippen die Aktionen der linken Maustaste aus. Wenn Sie die Markierung von diesem Kontrollk\'e4stchen entfernen, k\'f6nnen Sie nur mit den TouchPad\'99-Tasten klicken.\par
\par
Tippen bedeutet schnelles Ber\'fchren und anschlie\'dfendes Heben Ihres Fingers von der TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che. Ein leichtes, schnelles Tippen funktioniert am besten. Sehr hartes oder langsames Tippen ist weniger effektiv. Tippen Sie einmal f\'fcr einen Einmalklick, oder zweimal schnell hintereinander f\'fcr einen Doppelklick.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Ziehen sperren\b0\par
Wenn diese Funktion ausgew\'e4hlt ist, k\'f6nnen Objekte mithilfe mehrerer Fingerstriche lange Strecken \'fcber den Bildschirm gezogen werden. Wenn die Funktion "Ziehen sperren" ausgew\'e4hlt ist, bleibt die Ziehen-Aktion aktiv, wenn Sie Ihren Finger vom TouchPad\'99 heben. Tippen Sie erneut auf das TouchPad\'99, um das Objekt fallen zu lassen und das Ziehen zu beenden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Tippzonen aktivieren\b0\par
Wenn dieses Kontrollk\'e4stchen markiert ist, k\'f6nnen Sie jeder Ecke des TouchPads\'99 eine bestimmte Aktion oder einen Shortcut zuweisen. Bei Tippen in eine der Tippzonen wird die angegebene Aktion durchgef\'fchrt. Dies spart normalerweise Zeit und Klicks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Konfigurieren\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie aus dem Listenfeld eine Aktion, die Sie einer Tippzone zuweisen. Viele Aktionen erfordern keine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Wenn jedoch weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, ist die Schaltfl\'e4che "Konfigurieren" aktiviert. Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che "Konfigurieren" klicken, um die Konfiguration der Aktion anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
Tippzonen k\'f6nnen eine Vielzahl von Aktionen zugewiesen werden. M\'f6glicherweise sind zus\'e4tzliche Aktionen verf\'fcgbar, wenn Sie eine Plug-In-Fremdsoftware f\'fcr das TouchPad\'99 installiert haben. Wenn die Listenfeldoptionen abgegraut sind und nicht ausgew\'e4hlt werden k\'f6nnen, stellen Sie sicher, dass das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippzonen aktivieren\b0  markiert ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Tasten\b0\par
Standardm\'e4\'dfig fungieren die Tasten als Maustasten f\'fcr dieses Zeigeger\'e4t. Wenn dieses K\'e4stchen nicht markiert ist, sind die Tasten deaktiviert und das Dr\'fccken hat keine Auswirkung. Tippen ist die einzige M\'f6glichkeit, mit Ihrem Zeigeger\'e4t zu klicken.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen auch eine andere Aktion angeben, die ausgef\'fchrt wird, wenn Sie eine Taste dr\'fccken. Sie k\'f6nnen zum Beispiel festlegen, dass die rechte Taste zu einer Webseite in Ihrem Standard-Browser geht. Jedes Mal, wenn Sie mit der rechten Taste auf Ihrem Zeigeger\'e4t klicken, wird Ihr Web-Browser automatisch ge\'f6ffnet und die angegebene Seite wird geladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Tastenaktion\b0\par
W\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion aus dem Dropdown-Men\'fc, um sie der gew\'fcnschten Taste zuzuweisen. Die ausgew\'e4hlte Aktion erfolgt jedes Mal, wenn Sie diese Taste dr\'fccken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Verwendung des Eigenschaften-Fensters\b0\par
Das Eigenschaften-Fenster erm\'f6glicht Ihnen die Personalisierung Ihrer Einstellungen f\'fcr das Zeigeger\'e4t. Verwenden Sie den Men\'fcbaum, um die anpassbaren Funktionen aufzurufen. Klicken Sie auf den Pfeil neben einer Funktion oder doppelklicken Sie darauf, um die Optionen anzuzeigen.\par
\par
\b Funktionen aktivieren und deaktivieren\b0\par
Markieren Sie das Feld, um eine Funktion zu aktivieren; entfernen Sie die Markierung des Feldes, um sie zu deaktivieren.\par
\par
\b Einstellungen\b0\par
Wenn die ausgew\'e4hlte Funktion ein Einstellungen-Symbol anzeigt, das markiert wird, wenn Sie mit dem Zeiger dar\'fcber gehen, k\'f6nnen Sie auf den Namen der Funktion klicken oder doppelklicken, um ihre Einstellungen zu konfigurieren. Wenn Sie nicht auf ein Einstellungen-Symbol klicken k\'f6nnen, stellen Sie sicher, dass das Kontrollk\'e4stchen der Funktion und alle \'fcbergeordneten Kontrollk\'e4stchen markiert sind.\par
\par
\b Hilfe\b0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen auf das Fragezeichen-Symbol und die Schaltfl\'e4che "Hilfe" klicken, um Hilfeinformationen anzuzeigen.\par
\par
\b Schlie\'dfen-Schaltfl\'e4che\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che "Schlie\'dfen" im Einstellungen-Fenster schlie\'dft das Fenster. Die \'c4nderungen werden erst nach Klicken auf \b\'dcbernehmen\b0  oder \b OK\b0  im Eigenschaften-Fenster dauerhaft.\par
\par
\b Voreinstellungen-Schaltfl\'e4che\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che "Voreinstellungen" im Eigenschaften-Fenster stellt die werkseitigen Werte f\'fcr alle TouchPad\'99-Einstellungen wieder her.\par
\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che "Voreinstellungen" im Einstellungen-Fenster stellt die werkseitigen Werte f\'fcr alle TouchPad\'99-Einstellungen im aktuellen Fenster wieder her. Die \'c4nderungen werden erst nach Klicken auf \b\'dcbernehmen\b0  oder \b OK\b0  im Eigenschaften-Fenster dauerhaft.\par
\par
\b OK-Schaltfl\'e4che\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che "OK" speichert Ihre \'c4nderungen und schlie\'dft das Eigenschaften-Fenster.\par
\par
\b Abbrechen-Schaltfl\'e4che\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che "Abbrechen" schlie\'dft das Eigenschaften-Fenster, ohne \'c4nderungen zu speichern.\par
\par
\b\'dcbernehmen-Schaltfl\'e4che\b0\par
Die Schaltfl\'e4che "\'dcbernehmen" speichert Ihre \'c4nderungen, l\'e4sst aber das Eigenschaften-Fenster offen, damit Sie weitere \'c4nderungen vornehmen k\'f6nnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttergeschwindigkeit\b0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler f\'fcr die Bl\'e4ttergeschwindigkeit k\'f6nnen Sie die Geschwindigkeit beim Bl\'e4ttern anpassen. Ziehen Sie den Schieberegler nach rechts, um schneller zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Zeigen\b0\par
Auf den Seiten mit den Einstellungen f\'fcr das Zeigen k\'f6nnen Sie angeben, wie der Cursor auf Ihre Zeige- und Auswahlaktionen reagiert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0\par
Mit dem Schieberegler f\'fcr die Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit k\'f6nnen Sie einstellen, wie viel Fingerdruck aufgewandt werden muss, bevor das TouchPad\'99 reagiert.\par
\par
Wenn Ihr Zeiger beim Bewegen oder Klicken unberechenbar reagiert oder Sie in einem Bereich mit hoher Luftfeuchtigkeit arbeiten, verringern Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Starke Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
Wenn Sie zu stark dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, um das TouchPad\'99 zu bet\'e4tigen, oder wenn das TouchPad\'99 nicht immer auf Ihr Tippen reagiert, erh\'f6hen Sie die Empfindlichkeit, indem Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Leichte Ber\'fchrung\b0  bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Tippzonen\b0\par
Das Diagramm der Tippzonen stellt die Oberfl\'e4che des TouchPads\'99 dar. Der kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierte Bereich im Diagramm zeigt die Tippzonen auf der TouchPad\'99-Fl\'e4che. Wenn Sie Ihren Finger auf das TouchPad\'99 legen, werden Pfeile entlang dem Rand des TouchPad\'99-Diagramms angezeigt, um die Position Ihres Finger anzugeben. Wenn sich Ihr Finger in einer aktiven Tippzone auf dem TouchPad\'99 befindet, wird der entsprechende Tippzonenbereich auf dem Diagramm einfarbig.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen die Tippzonenbereiche gr\'f6\'dfer oder kleiner machen, indem Sie eines der kleinen schwarzen Quadrate in den Ecken der kreuzf\'f6rmig schraffierten Bereiche ziehen. Wenn Sie Probleme haben, eine Tippzonenaktion auszul\'f6sen, machen Sie den Tippzonenbereich gr\'f6\'dfer. Wenn eine Tippzonenaktion zu schnell ausgel\'f6st wird, machen Sie den Tippzonenbereich kleiner.\par
\par
Wenn die Tippzonen abgegraut sind und nicht angepasst werden k\'f6nnen, stellen Sie sicher, dass das Kontrollk\'e4stchen \b Tippzonen aktivieren\b0  markiert ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Zum Ausw\'e4hlen dr\'fccken\b0\par
Die Funktion "Zum Ausw\'e4hlen dr\'fccken" erm\'f6glicht Ihnen die Verwendung von Tipp- und Dr\'fcckbewegungen zum Ausf\'fchren von Mausklicks.\par
\par
Tippen oder Dr\'fccken auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts entspricht dem Klicken mit der linken Maustaste. Tippen oder Dr\'fccken kann jedoch schneller und bequemer sein als die Verwendung der Maustaste.\par
\par
Tippen bedeutet schnelles Schlagen und anschlie\'dfendes L\'f6sen Ihres Fingers von der Oberseite des Zeigestifts. Ein leichtes, schnelles Tippen funktioniert am besten. Sehr hartes oder langsames Tippen ist weniger effektiv. Tippen Sie einmal f\'fcr einen Einmalklick, oder zweimal schnell hintereinander f\'fcr einen Doppelklick.\par
\par
Dr\'fccken bedeutet schnelles Herunterdr\'fccken auf der Spitze des Zeigestifts mit Ihrem Finger. Ein leichtes, bewusstes Dr\'fccken funktioniert am besten. Dr\'fccken Sie gerade nach unten, um Klicken und Halten der Maustaste zu simulieren. Dr\'fccken Sie gerade nach unten und dann zur Seite, um zu klicken und in eine beliebige Richtung zu ziehen. L\'f6sen Sie den Druck, wenn Sie die Maustaste loslassen m\'f6chten.\par
\par
Die physikalischen Tasten k\'f6nnen ebenfalls zum Klicken verwendet werden. Wenn Sie die Markierung von diesem Kontrollk\'e4stchen entfernen, k\'f6nnen Sie nur mit den physikalischen Tasten klicken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Nur zum Ausw\'e4hlen dr\'fccken\b0\par
Wenn diese Option markiert ist, wird beim Dr\'fccken auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts das Objekt ausgew\'e4hlt, aber nicht ge\'f6ffnet oder bewegt.\par
\par
\b Zum Ausw\'e4hlen f\'fcr das Ziehen dr\'fccken\b0\par
Wenn diese Option markiert ist, wird beim Dr\'fccken auf die Spitze des Zeigestifts das Objekt ausgew\'e4hlt und es bleibt ausgew\'e4hlt, so dass Sie es mit dem Zeigestift bewegen k\'f6nnen. Dies entspricht dem Gedr\'fcckthalten der linken Maustaste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Zum Ausw\'e4hlen dr\'fccken bedeutet Prim\'e4rklick\b0\par
Wenn diese Option markiert ist, wird beim Dr\'fccken des Zeigestifts dieselbe Aktion wie bei einem prim\'e4ren Mausklick durchgef\'fchrt.\par
\par
\b Zum Ausw\'e4hlen dr\'fccken bedeutet Sekund\'e4rklick\b0\par
Wenn diese Option markiert ist, wird beim Dr\'fccken des Zeigestifts dieselbe Aktion wie bei einem sekund\'e4ren Mausklick durchgef\'fchrt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Tempo\b0\par
Der Schieberegler f\'fcr das Tempo stellt ein, wie schnell Sie auf den Zeigestift dr\'fccken m\'fcssen, damit es als Aktion "Zum Ausw\'e4hlen dr\'fccken" betrachtet wird. Passen Sie den Schieberegler f\'fcr das Tempo so lange an, bis das Dr\'fccken problemlos registriert wird. Wenn kein Dr\'fccken erfolgt, bewegen Sie ihn in Richtung \b Schnell\b0 . Wenn das Dr\'fccken zu h\'e4ufig erfolgt, bewegen Sie ihn in Richtung \b langsam\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit\b0\par
Mit den Einstellungen f\'fcr die Ber\'fchrungsempfindlichkeit k\'f6nnen Sie steuern, wie viel Druck Sie auf den Zeigestift aus\'fcben m\'fcssen, um den Zeiger mit einer bestimmten Geschwindigkeit zu bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Drei-Finger-Flick\b0\par
Die Drei-Finger-Flick-Geste verbessert die Navigation in einer Vielzahl von Anwendungen. Sie k\'f6nnen den Drei-Finger-Flick verwenden, um das Internet zu durchsuchen oder um durch Fotos in einem Fotoanzeigefenster zu bl\'e4ttern. Sie k\'f6nnen den Drei-Finger-Flick auch verwenden, um den Diashow-Modus Ihres Fotoanzeigeprogramms aufzurufen oder zu beenden. Markieren Sie dieses K\'e4stchen, um die Verwendung des Drei-Finger-Flick f\'fcr Navigation und Diashows zu aktivieren.\par
\par
Sehen Sie das Video an, um zu erfahren, wie Sie einen Drei-Finger-Flick ausf\'fchren. Achten Sie darauf, dass Ihre Finger leicht getrennt sind, wenn Sie diese Geste ausf\'fchren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Horizontaler Drei-Finger-Flick\par
Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach rechts oder links, um in einem Fotoanzeige- oder Internet-Browser-Fenster vorw\'e4rts oder r\'fcckw\'e4rts zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Vertikaler Drei-Finger-Flick\par
Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach oben, um den Diashow-Modus zu starten. Gleiten Sie mit Ihren Fingern nach unten, um den Diashow-Modus zu stoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Verwenden Sie den Schieberegler, um die EdgeMotion\'99-Geschwindigkeit einzustellen. Um die Geschwindigkeit zu erh\'f6hen, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Schnell\b0 , und um sie zu verringern, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Langsam\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
Wenn "Langsame Bewegung" aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen sie eine Taste aus dem Listenfeld ausw\'e4hlen, durch die die Funktion aktiviert wird. Um "Langsame Bewegung" zu verwenden, halten Sie die angegebene Taste gedr\'fcckt, w\'e4hrend Sie den Zeiger bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
Wenn "Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung" aktiviert ist, k\'f6nnen sie eine Taste aus dem Listenfeld ausw\'e4hlen, durch die die Funktion aktiviert wird. Um "Eingeschr\'e4nkte Bewegung" zu verwenden, halten Sie die angegebene Taste gedr\'fcckt, w\'e4hrend Sie den Zeiger bewegen. Die anf\'e4ngliche Richtung der Zeigerbewegung bestimmt die erlaubte Bewegungsrichtung, so lange Ihr Finger auf dem TouchPad\'99 bleibt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Abdecken-Geste\b0\par
Diese Geste l\'f6scht Ihren Desktop durch Minimierung aller offenen Fenster. Wenn Sie diese Geste wiederholen, werden die Fenster wiederhergestellt.\par
\par
So verwenden Sie die Abdecken-Geste:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Legen Sie Ihre vier Finger flach auf das TouchPad\'99, so dass ein Gro\'dfteil davon abgedeckt ist.\par
2.\tab Halten Sie Ihre Finger ruhig, bis die Fenster minimiert oder wiederhergestellt sind.\par
3.\tab Heben Sie Ihre Finger vom TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Smart Check-Einstellungen k\'f6nnen unerw\'fcnschtes TouchPad\'99-Verhalten verringern. Klicken Sie auf die einzelnen Funktionen, um n\'e4here Informationen zu erhalten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen irgendwo auf das ClickPad dr\'fccken, um einen prim\'e4ren, sekund\'e4ren oder mittleren Tastenklick durchzuf\'fchren.\par
\par
Standardm\'e4\'dfig wird durch Dr\'fccken eine Fingers nach unten ein prim\'e4rer Klick ausgef\'fchrt. Durch Dr\'fccken von zwei Fingern nach unten f\'fchren Sie einen sekund\'e4ren Klick aus. Durch Dr\'fccken von drei Fingern nach unten f\'fchren Sie einen Mittelklick aus. W\'e4hlen Sie \b Zwei-Finger-Klick\b0  und \b Drei-Finger-Klick\b0 , um es wie gew\'fcnscht zu konfigurieren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Um einen Ein-Finger-Klick auszuf\'fchren, dr\'fccken Sie einen Finger auf der ClickPad-Fl\'e4che nach unten, bis Sie sp\'fcren, dass sich diese senkt. Ein Ein-Finger-Klick entspricht dem Klicken mit der prim\'e4ren (linken) Maustaste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
Standardm\'e4\'dfig f\'fchrt ein Ein-Finger-Klick unten links auf dem ClickPad dieselbe Aktion aus wie ein sekund\'e4rer (rechter) Mausklick.\par
\par
Die von einem Ein-Finger-Eck-Klick durchgef\'fchrte Aktion ist konfigurierbar. Um eine andere Aktion zuzuweisen, w\'e4hlen Sie eine Aktion aus der Liste.\par
\par
Einige Aktionen erfordern eine zus\'e4tzliche Konfiguration. Falls weitere Informationen erforderlich sind, wird die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  aktiviert oder ein Dialogfeld wird angezeigt.\par
\par
Sie k\'f6nnen jederzeit auf die Schaltfl\'e4che \b Konfigurieren\b0  klicken, um Ihre Einstellungen anzuzeigen oder zu \'e4ndern.\par
\par
Wenn Sie die Konfiguration f\'fcr Linksh\'e4nder haben, klicken Sie unten links auf das ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Um den Randbegrenzungsabstand einzustellen, verwenden Sie den Schieberegler. Wenn Sie weiter scrollen m\'f6chten, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Max\b0. Wenn Sie eine k\'fcrzere Entfernung scrollen m\'f6chten, bewegen Sie den Schieberegler in Richtung \b Min\b0. Wenn sich der Schieberegler nicht bewegt, vergewissern Sie sich, dass \'84Randbegrenzung aktivieren\ldblquote  ausgew\'e4hlt ist.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Bl\'e4ttern mit einem Finger\b0\par
Sie k\'f6nnen senkrecht bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
Klicken Sie auf das Fenster oder Element, in dem Sie bl\'e4ttern m\'f6chten, und gleiten Sie mit Ihrem Finger nach oben oder nach unten entlang dem rechten Rand des TouchPads, um vertikal zu bl\'e4ttern.\par
\par
Wenn das Bl\'e4ttern nicht reagiert, \'fcberpr\'fcfen Sie, ob Sie das entsprechende Kontrollk\'e4stchen markiert haben und ob das Fenster oder das Element, auf das Sie geklickt haben, bildlauff\'e4hig ist. Falls die Probleme weiter bestehen, pr\'fcfen Sie die Einstellungen unter \b Bildlaufbereich\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0C0A\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0512200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1108200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0222201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0518201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Tema de ayuda sin definir\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
En esta ventana \b Propiedades\b0  puede personalizar la configuraci\'f3n de su dispositivo se\'f1alador. Use el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda para obtener acceso a las funciones personalizables.\par
\par
\b Utilizaci\'f3n de la ventana Propiedades\b0\par
Haga clic en una funci\'f3n del \'e1rbol de men\'fas para ver una p\'e1gina con la configuraci\'f3n correspondiente. Algunas funciones tienen varias p\'e1ginas de configuraciones. Haga clic en \b +\b0  (signo m\'e1s) situado junto a cada funci\'f3n para ver todas las p\'e1ginas relacionadas. La configuraci\'f3n aparecer\'e1 en la ventana que se encuentra a la derecha del \'e1rbol de men\'fas. En este cuadro de informaci\'f3n podr\'e1 ver informaci\'f3n de estas opciones, as\'ed como instrucciones para cambiarlas. Utilice la barra de desplazamiento para ver el contenido del cuadro de informaci\'f3n que no est\'e9 visible.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Predeterminados\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Predeterminados\b0  restaura los valores programados por el fabricante para la configuraci\'f3n de la p\'e1gina actual.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aceptar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Aceptar\b0  guarda los cambios y cierra la ventana Propiedades.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Cancelar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Cancelar\b0  cierra la ventana Propiedades sin guardar los cambios y restaura los valores de configuraci\'f3n anteriores.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aplicar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Aplicar\b0  guarda los cambios, pero mantiene abierta la ventana Propiedades para permitir efectuar nuevos cambios.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
La casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar botones\b0  habilita los botones del \ldblquote rat\'f3n\rdblquote  para este dispositivo se\'f1alador. Para configurar la acci\'f3n que se ejecuta al presionar un bot\'f3n, seleccione el nombre del bot\'f3n en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas. Por ejemplo, podr\'eda definir la acci\'f3n del bot\'f3n derecho como "ir a una p\'e1gina Web con el explorador predeterminado." En este caso, cada vez que hiciera clic con el bot\'f3n derecho del dispositivo se\'f1alador, el explorador Web abrir\'eda y cargar\'eda autom\'e1ticamente la p\'e1gina especificada.\par
\par
Si esta casilla no est\'e1 seleccionada, los botones permanecen desactivados y presionarlos no produce ning\'fan efecto; el \'fanico medio para hacer clic con el dispositivo se\'f1alador es un toque r\'e1pido.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Desplazar elemento bajo puntero\b0\par
Desplazar elemento bajo puntero siempre intenta desplazar la ventana espec\'edfica de la aplicaci\'f3n activa que se encuentra bajo el puntero. Si el puntero no se encuentra sobre la aplicaci\'f3n activa, no se desplazar\'e1.\par
Por ejemplo, cuando el Explorador de Windows est\'e1 activo: si el puntero se encuentra sobre el panel izquierdo, desplazar\'e1 el \'e1rbol que muestra la estructura de directorios, si el puntero se encuentra sobre el panel derecho, desplazar\'e1 ese cuadro de lista. A continuaci\'f3n, si hace clic en cualquier otra aplicaci\'f3n, el Explorador de Windows no se desplazar\'e1, aunque el puntero se encuentre sobre una de sus ventanas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n de la lista superior que desee asignar al bot\'f3n seleccionado. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se ejecutar\'e1 cada vez que presione el bot\'f3n.\par
\par
Si no puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista, aseg\'farese de que los botones est\'e9n habilitados. Para habilitarlos, siga estos pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione \b Botones\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Active la casilla \b Activar botones\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione el bot\'f3n en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas \b Botones\b0  para regresar a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Este bot\'f3n abre un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n relativo a la acci\'f3n seleccionada en el cuadro de lista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Presionar para seleccionar\b0  permite usar toques r\'e1pidos y presiones para ejecutar clics del \ldblquote rat\'f3n\rdblquote .\par
\par
Un toque r\'e1pido o una presi\'f3n en el extremo del puntero se\'f1alador equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo del rat\'f3n, aunque un toque r\'e1pido o una presi\'f3n pueden ser operaciones m\'e1s r\'e1pidas y m\'e1s c\'f3modas que usar el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
"Toque r\'e1pido" significa presionar con el dedo y soltar r\'e1pidamente el puntero se\'f1alador. Un toque suave y r\'e1pido es suficiente. Toques muy fuertes o lentos son menos eficaces. D\'e9 un toque r\'e1pido para hacer un clic o dos toques en r\'e1pida sucesi\'f3n para hacer un doble clic.\par
\par
"Presionar" significa pulsar r\'e1pidamente con el dedo el puntero se\'f1alador. Un toque suave y deliberado es suficiente. Presione sin levantar el dedo para simular que hace clic y mantiene pulsado el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n. Presione sin levantar y desplace el dedo hacia un lado para hacer clic y arrastrar en cualquier direcci\'f3n. Deje de presionar cuando desee soltar el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Para habilitar esta funci\'f3n seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar Presionar para seleccionar\b0 .\par
\par
Tambi\'e9n puede utilizar los botones f\'edsicos para hacer clic; si desactiva esta casilla, los botones f\'edsicos ser\'e1n su \'fanico medio para hacer clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Este \'e1rbol de men\'fas muestra las opciones que puede configurar para su dispositivo se\'f1alador. Para configurar una opci\'f3n, haga clic en la entrada correspondiente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Las p\'e1ginas de configuraci\'f3n de \b Movimiento del puntero\b0  permiten especificar c\'f3mo se desplaza en la pantalla el puntero del \ldblquote rat\'f3n\rdblquote  como respuesta a la acciones de se\'f1alar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Movimiento limitado\b0  permite forzar un movimiento estrictamente horizontal o vertical del puntero en la pantalla, una funci\'f3n de m\'e1xima utilidad cuando se utiliza un programa de dibujo. Movimiento limitado se activa manteniendo presionada una tecla concreta a la vez que se mueve el puntero. Al presionar la tecla, la direcci\'f3n de movimiento inicial del puntero determina la direcci\'f3n de movimiento permitida mientras se mantiene presionado el TouchPad.\par
\par
Para habilitar la funci\'f3n Movimiento limitado:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar movimiento limitado\b0  para habilitar las opciones del cuadro de lista.\par
2.\tab Seleccione una tecla en el cuadro de lista para activar Movimiento limitado.\par
3.\tab Mantenga presionada la tecla seleccionada siempre que desee limitar el movimiento del puntero.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Presionar para seleccionar es hacer clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo\b0\par
Esta opci\'f3n produce un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo del rat\'f3n cuando se da un toque r\'e1pido o se presiona el puntero se\'f1alador. Un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho del rat\'f3n generalmente se utiliza para mostrar un men\'fa contextual emergente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Estas teclas permiten activar el modo de Movimiento limitado. Seleccione la tecla que desee haciendo clic en su entrada en el cuadro de lista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n\b  EdgeMotion\b0\'99 se ha dise\'f1ado para simplificar el desplazamiento del puntero a distancias grandes. Cuando el dedo llega al borde del TouchPad, el puntero seguir\'e1 movi\'e9ndose en la misma direcci\'f3n hasta que se levanta el dedo. Seleccione una de las opciones de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
La funci\'f3n Desplazamiento virtual tambi\'e9n es compatible con EdgeMotion. Para controlar la funci\'f3n EdgeMotion durante el desplazamiento, seleccione \b Desplazamiento una distancia larga\b0 , bajo \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 , en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Realizar EdgeMotion solamente al arrastrar\b0\par
Si se selecciona esta opci\'f3n, EdgeMotion s\'f3lo ocurrir\'e1 durante las acciones de tocar r\'e1pido y arrastrar. EdgeMotion no se ejecutar\'e1 durante el movimiento normal del puntero. El toque r\'e1pido debe estar habilitado para que funcione esta opci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Realizar EdgeMotion al arrastrar y se\'f1alar\b0\par
Si se selecciona esta opci\'f3n, EdgeMotion ocurrir\'e1 siempre que el dedo llegue al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Sin EdgeMotion \b0\par
Para desplazar el puntero una distancia larga sin la funci\'f3n EdgeMotion, debe presionar varias veces con el dedo en el TouchPad o aumentar la velocidad de movimiento del puntero en el Panel de control del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
La selecci\'f3n de la casilla \b Activar zonas de toques r\'e1pidos\b0  permite configurar las cuatro esquinas de la superficie del TouchPad de manera que act\'faen como botones diferentes cuando se les toque. Estas regiones de esquina se llaman \b Zonas de toques r\'e1pidos\b0 .\par
\par
El toque r\'e1pido en el centro del TouchPad siempre produce un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo.\par
\par
Si desactiva esta casilla, un toque en cualquier punto del TouchPad producir\'e1 un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo.\par
\par
Las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos pueden tener asignadas diversas acciones.\par
\par
Para habilitar las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseg\'farese de que est\'e9 seleccionado \b Activar toque r\'e1pido\b0  en la p\'e1gina \b Toque r\'e1pido\b0 .\par
2.\tab Seleccione la casilla \b Activar zonas de toques r\'e1pidos\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione el nombre de una zona de toques r\'e1pidos en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas para asignarle una acci\'f3n.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n para los toques r\'e1pidos en la esquina inferior izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Clic con bot\'f3n central\b0 , un toque en la esquina inferior izquierda de la superficie del TouchPad ejecutar\'e1 la misma acci\'f3n que un clic con el bot\'f3n central. Seleccione \b No hay zona\b0  para desactivar esta \b zona de toques r\'e1pidos\b0  (al hacerlo, los toques en esta zona funcionan como un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo, igual que en el resto del TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n para los toques r\'e1pidos en la esquina superior izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Clic con bot\'f3n central\b0 , un toque en la esquina superior izquierda de la superficie del TouchPad ejecutar\'e1 la misma acci\'f3n que un clic con el bot\'f3n central. Seleccione \b No hay zona\b0  para desactivar esta \b zona de toques r\'e1pidos\b0  (al hacerlo, los toques en esta zona funcionan como un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo, igual que en el resto del TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n para los toques r\'e1pidos en la esquina superior derecha del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Clic con bot\'f3n derecho\b0 , un toque en la esquina superior derecha de la superficie del TouchPad ejecutar\'e1 la misma acci\'f3n que un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho del rat\'f3n o del TouchPad. Seleccione \b No hay zona\b0  para desactivar esta \b zona de toques r\'e1pidos\b0  (al hacerlo, los toques en esta zona funcionan como un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo, igual que en el resto del TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n para los toques r\'e1pidos en la esquina inferior derecha del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Clic con bot\'f3n derecho\b0 , un toque en la esquina inferior derecha de la superficie del TouchPad ejecutar\'e1 la misma acci\'f3n que un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho del rat\'f3n o del TouchPad. Seleccione \b No hay zona\b0  para desactivar esta \b zona de toques r\'e1pidos\b0  (al hacerlo, los toques en esta zona funcionan como un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo, igual que en el resto del TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Presione este bot\'f3n para abrir el cuadro de di\'e1logo Propiedades correspondiente a la acci\'f3n seleccionada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
El diagrama superior representa la superficie del TouchPad. La zona tramada del diagrama muestra las regiones de la zona de toques r\'e1pidos que est\'e1n activas en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al tocar el TouchPad con el dedo, aparecen flechas a lo largo del borde del diagrama del TouchPad, que muestran la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo se encuentra en una zona de toques r\'e1pidos activa del TouchPad, la zona correspondiente en el diagrama se vuelve de color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir el tama\'f1o de las regiones de zona de toques r\'e1pidos si arrastra uno de los peque\'f1os cuadrados negros de las esquinas de las zonas tramadas.\par
\par
Si tiene alguna dificultad para activar la acci\'f3n de una zona de toques r\'e1pidos, ampl\'ede la zona. Si una zona de toques r\'e1pidos se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca su tama\'f1o.\par
\par
Si las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos se muestran en color gris y su tama\'f1o no puede cambiarse, aseg\'farese de que est\'e9n seleccionados \b Toque r\'e1pido\b0  y \b Zona de toques r\'e1pidos\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
En esta secci\'f3n puede personalizar los botones del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Predeterminados\b0\par
Restaura los valores predeterminados de todas las configuraciones de esta p\'e1gina.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
Puede configurar la velocidad de EdgeMotion de forma que dependa de la presi\'f3n o sea fija.\par
\par
\b Controlar velocidad con presi\'f3n dactilar\b0\par
Seleccione esta opci\'f3n si desea que la velocidad de EdgeMotion aumente con la presi\'f3n del dedo sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\b Velocidad fija\b0\par
Esta opci\'f3n configura un valor constante para la velocidad de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\b Ajustar la velocidad de EdgeMotion\b0\par
Este deslizador controla la velocidad de EdgeMotion cuando est\'e1 seleccionada la opci\'f3n \b Velocidad fija\b0 . Puede seleccionar la velocidad de EdgeMotion ajustando la posici\'f3n del deslizador entre \b Lento\b0  y \b R\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
Si los controles de esta p\'e1gina est\'e1n atenuados y no puede ajustarlos, aseg\'farese de que EdgeMotion est\'e9 activado. Para habilitarlo, siga estos pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione \b Movimiento de borde\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Seleccione una de las opciones de \b Realizar EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Velocidad de EdgeMotion\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas para regresar a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Si esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n est\'e1 seleccionada, la velocidad de EdgeMotion queda determinada por la fuerza con que el dedo presiona el TouchPad.\par
\par
Si no est\'e1 seleccionada, el puntero se desplaza a la velocidad indicada en el deslizador cuando el dedo se encuentra en la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Seleccione esta casilla para elegir una velocidad de EdgeMotion constante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Un toque r\'e1pido en la superficie del TouchPad equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo del \ldblquote rat\'f3n\rdblquote  del TouchPad, aunque un toque r\'e1pido puede ser una operaci\'f3n m\'e1s r\'e1pida y m\'e1s c\'f3moda que usar el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
"Toque r\'e1pido" significa tocar con el dedo la superficie del TouchPad y levantarlo r\'e1pidamente. Un toque suave y r\'e1pido es lo m\'e1s aconsejable. Toques muy fuertes o lentos son menos eficaces. D\'e9 un toque r\'e1pido para hacer un clic o dos toques en r\'e1pida sucesi\'f3n para hacer un doble clic.\par
\par
Para habilitar esta funci\'f3n seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar toque r\'e1pido\b0 . Los botones del TouchPad tambi\'e9n pueden utilizarse para hacer clic. Si desactiva esta casilla, s\'f3lo podr\'e1 hacer clic con los botones del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Tutorial de desplazamiento virtual\b0\par
Este sencillo laberinto le ayudar\'e1 a aprender a usar la funci\'f3n Desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Si la casilla \b Toque r\'e1pido para hacer clic\b0  no est\'e1 activada, deber\'e1 presionar los botones f\'edsicos del TouchPad para producir los clics.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Tocar otra vez y mantener para arrastrar\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla para arrastrar objetos y selecciones mediante toques r\'e1pidos en el TouchPad. Para arrastrar, d\'e9 dos toques r\'e1pidos en el objeto y mantenga el dedo en el TouchPad tras el segundo toque. Traslade el objeto seleccionado deslizando el dedo a lo largo de la superficie del TouchPad, y lev\'e1ntelo para soltar el objeto. Esta acci\'f3n produce el mismo efecto que presionar un bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n, desplazar \'e9ste y soltar el bot\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0\par
Esta opci\'f3n permite arrastrar objetos a trav\'e9s de la pantalla una distancia larga efectuando varios toques con el dedo. Si \b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0  est\'e1 seleccionado, la acci\'f3n de arrastre persiste despu\'e9s de levantar el dedo del TouchPad. Toque otra vez el TouchPad para soltar el objeto y finalizar el arrastre. Para poder usar \b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0 , tambi\'e9n debe estar seleccionada la funci\'f3n \b Toque r\'e1pido\b0  y \b Tocar otra vez y mantener para arrastrar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 es una forma de protecci\'f3n contra el contacto accidental con el TouchPad. PalmCheck permite que el TouchPad reconozca si la palma de la mano est\'e1 apoyada sobre \'e9l o si ha rozado su superficie mientras escrib\'eda. Esto ayuda a evitar movimientos del puntero o clics no deseados.\par
\par
Si el TouchPad realiza movimientos del puntero o clics inesperados, aumente el valor de PalmCheck desplazando el deslizador a la derecha, hacia \b M\'e1ximo\b0 . Si el TouchPad no detecta movimientos del puntero o clics deliberados, reduzca el valor de PalmCheck, desplazando el deslizador a la izquierda, hacia \b M\'ednimo\b0 . Es probable que experimente movimientos o toques no detectados cuando el deslizador se encuentra en la zona roja.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Sensibilidad t\'e1ctil\b0  permite ajustar la presi\'f3n que debe aplicarse con el dedo para que el TouchPad responda.\par
\par
Si experimenta movimientos o clics descontrolados del puntero, o si su lugar de trabajo es muy h\'famedo, reduzca la sensibilidad desplazando el deslizador a la derecha, hacia \b Toque sostenido\b0 .\par
\par
Si tiene que presionar con demasiada fuerza para trabajar con el TouchPad o si \'e9ste no siempre responde a los toques, aumente la sensibilidad, desplazando el deslizador a la izquierda, hacia \b Tacto ligero\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Desplazar elemento seleccionado \b0\par
Desplazar elemento seleccionado siempre intenta desplazar la ventana espec\'edfica de la aplicaci\'f3n activa seleccionada con el teclado. Aunque el puntero no se encuentre sobre la aplicaci\'f3n activa, seguir\'e1 desplazando la ventana seleccionada con el teclado.\par
Por ejemplo, en el Explorador de Windows: si hace clic en el panel izquierdo y, a continuaci\'f3n, lo desplaza, se desplazar\'e1 el \'e1rbol que muestra la estructura de directorios, independientemente de d\'f3nde se encuentre el puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar movimiento de borde al desplazar\b0  si desea que contin\'fae el desplazamiento cuando su dedo llegue al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Presionar para seleccionar es hacer clic con el bot\'f3n derecho\b0\par
Esta opci\'f3n produce un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho del rat\'f3n cuando se da un toque r\'e1pido o se presiona el puntero se\'f1alador. Un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho del rat\'f3n generalmente se utiliza para mostrar un men\'fa contextual emergente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento\b0  por inercia facilita el desplazamiento en los documentos extensos. Con esta funci\'f3n, el desplazamiento virtual contin\'faa despu\'e9s de levantar el dedo del TouchPad. Para utilizarla, desplace el dedo y lev\'e1ntelo con un movimiento suave. Para detener la funci\'f3n Desplazamiento por inercia, vuelva a tocar la superficie del TouchPad con el dedo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla para habilitar el desplazamiento virtual horizontal en las ventanas que presentan una barra de desplazamiento horizontal. Al deslizar el dedo horizontalmente en uno u otro sentido en el borde inferior del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla para habilitar el desplazamiento virtual vertical. Al deslizar el dedo de arriba a abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza verticalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
El diagrama superior representa la superficie del TouchPad. La zona tramada del diagrama muestra las regiones de desplazamiento virtual en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al tocar el TouchPad con el dedo, aparecen flechas a lo largo del borde del diagrama del TouchPad, que muestran la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo se encuentra en una zona de desplazamiento virtual activa del TouchPad, la zona de desplazamiento virtual correspondiente en el diagrama se vuelve de color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir el tama\'f1o de las regiones de desplazamiento virtual si arrastra uno de los peque\'f1os cuadrados negros del borde de la zona tramada.\par
\par
Si tiene alguna dificultad para activar el desplazamiento virtual, aumente el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento virtual, desplazando hacia dentro los bordes de la zona tramada. Si el desplazamiento virtual se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
Si las regiones de desplazamiento virtual est\'e1n atenuadas y no puede ajustarlas, aseg\'farese de que el desplazamiento virtual est\'e9 activado. Para habilitarlo, siga estos pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Active las casillas que desee de \b Habilitar desplazamiento\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas para regresar a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Bot\'f3n Pr\'e1ctica\b0\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Pr\'e1ctica\b0  cuando desee ejecutar el tutorial \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 . Este sencillo laberinto le ayudar\'e1 a aprender a usar el Desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
NOTA: Aseg\'farese de que est\'e9n activadas las casillas de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0  y \b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0 .\par
\par
Examine el laberinto antes de empezar a localizar el principio y el final. No puede ver el laberinto completo, puesto que es m\'e1s extenso que la ventana donde se muestra. Use desplazamiento virtual para mover la vista del laberinto en la ventana. Para acercar o alejar el laberinto, mantenga presionada la tecla Ctrl y use el desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
La entrada del laberinto est\'e1 se\'f1alada con un punto amarillo en su esquina superior izquierda. La salida se indica con un punto azul, a la derecha del laberinto.\par
\par
Para empezar:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Haga clic en el cuadrado rojo del punto amarillo.\par
2.\tab Use las teclas de flecha o d\'e9 toques r\'e1pidos en el TouchPad para desplazarse en el laberinto.\par
3.\tab Use el desplazamiento virtual para desplazar la vista del laberinto.\par
\par
4.\tab Cuando llegue al punto azul de la esquina inferior derecha, haga clic en el bot\'f3n de cierre de la ventana Pr\'e1ctica de desplazamiento virtual.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Este deslizador permite controlar la velocidad del \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 . Arrastre el deslizador hacia la derecha para aumentar la velocidad de desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Use esta secci\'f3n para personalizar el movimiento del puntero. Seleccione la ayuda de secciones concretas para obtener m\'e1s informaci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Presionar para seleccionar y arrastrar\b0\par
Seleccione esta opci\'f3n si desea presionar para realizar una operaci\'f3n de seleccionar y arrastrar, y toque r\'e1pido para realizar solamente una selecci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Movimiento lento\b0  reduce la velocidad del puntero, lo que aumenta la precisi\'f3n para se\'f1alar y la exactitud en la colocaci\'f3n. El movimiento lento se activa manteniendo presionada una tecla concreta a la vez que se mueve el puntero.\par
\par
Para habilitar la funci\'f3n Movimiento lento:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar movimiento lento\b0  para habilitar las opciones del cuadro de lista.\par
2.\tab Seleccione una tecla en el cuadro de lista para activar Movimiento lento.\par
3.\tab Mantenga presionada la tecla seleccionada siempre que desee un movimiento lento.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Esta funci\'f3n desplaza autom\'e1ticamente el puntero hasta el bot\'f3n predeterminado cuando se abre un cuadro de di\'e1logo en la pantalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
A veces puede que le convenga limitar el movimiento del puntero solamente a la direcci\'f3n horizontal o vertical. Para ello, puede especificar una tecla de puntero limitado y despu\'e9s mantener presionada esta tecla mientras mueve el puntero. La direcci\'f3n inicial del puntero mientras mantiene presionada la tecla determina si el puntero est\'e1 limitado a moverse solamente en la direcci\'f3n horizontal o en la vertical.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
La selecci\'f3n de la opci\'f3n de velocidad de actualizaci\'f3n del puntero \b R\'e1pida\b0  generalmente produce un movimiento del puntero muy suave. No obstante, si el puntero no se ve correctamente o parpadea en la pantalla, pruebe con la velocidad de actualizaci\'f3n del puntero \b Lenta\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Las p\'e1ginas de propiedades del TouchPad de Synaptics permiten configurar el TouchPad. Dichas p\'e1ginas se encuentran en el Panel de control de propiedades del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Haga clic aqu\'ed para ejecutar el navegador de Internet y dirigirse directamente a este enlace.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panoramizaci\'f3n significa realizar un desplazamiento continuo. Puede realizar una panor\'e1mica horizontal, vertical o diagonal en las dos direcciones.\par
\par
Tenga en cuenta que la panoramizaci\'f3n s\'f3lo funciona en aquellas aplicaciones que aceptan el Microsoft Intellimouse y que muchas de estas aplicaciones limitan las direcciones en que puede realizarse la panoramizaci\'f3n (por ejemplo, Microsoft Word s\'f3lo permite una panor\'e1mica vertical; Microsoft Excel permite panor\'e1micas verticales y horizontales, pero no diagonales).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Hacer un zoom significa cambiar la ampliaci\'f3n de un documento. Zoom hacia una panor\'e1mica de detalle ampl\'eda la aplicaci\'f3n, mientras que zoom hacia una panor\'e1mica general la reduce.\par
\par
Tenga en cuenta que el zoom s\'f3lo funciona en aquellas aplicaciones que aceptan el Microsoft Intellimouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n desplaza autom\'e1ticamente el puntero al bot\'f3n Inicio de la barra de tareas y abre el men\'fa Inicio.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Saltar al men\'fa de la ventana actual\b0\par
Esta acci\'f3n desplaza autom\'e1ticamente el puntero al elemento situado m\'e1s a la izquierda en el men\'fa de la ventana actual (normalmente el men\'fa "Archivo") y lo abre.\par
Puede que esta funci\'f3n no sea v\'e1lida en algunas ventanas que no tienen men\'fas est\'e1ndar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n minimiza la ventana actual.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n maximiza la ventana actual, de forma que cubra la pantalla completa. Si la ventana actual ya estaba maximizada, se restaura a su tama\'f1o y posici\'f3n originales.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n restaura una ventana minimizada o maximizada a su tama\'f1o y posici\'f3n originales.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n ejecuta autom\'e1ticamente un programa especificado por el usuario. Tras seleccionar esta acci\'f3n, puede elegir el programa que desea ejecutar, haciendo clic en el bot\'f3n Propiedades situado junto al cuadro combinado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n permite utilizar toda la superficie del TouchPad para controlar el desplazamiento virtual\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . Para reanudar el funcionamiento normal del TouchPad, sencillamente ejecute el movimiento asociado una segunda vez.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Si la aplicaci\'f3n activa es un navegador Web, esta acci\'f3n visita la p\'e1gina anterior que contiene la memoria intermedia del historial del navegador.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Si la aplicaci\'f3n activa es un navegador Web, esta acci\'f3n visita la p\'e1gina siguiente que contiene la memoria intermedia del historial del explorador.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Esta acci\'f3n inicia el navegador Web predeterminado y visita una p\'e1gina Web. Tras seleccionar esta acci\'f3n, puede elegir la p\'e1gina Web que desea visitar, haciendo clic en el bot\'f3n Propiedades situado junto al cuadro combinado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Si la aplicaci\'f3n activa es un navegador Web, esta acci\'f3n carga otra vez la p\'e1gina Web actual desde su origen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Si la aplicaci\'f3n activa es un navegador Web, esta acci\'f3n visita que el navegador detenga la carga de la p\'e1gina Web actual.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
La acci\'f3n de colocar dos dedos en la superficie del TouchPad y moverlos en una direcci\'f3n concreta se llama \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos\b .\b0  El TouchPad puede detectar este tipo de movimientos en ocho puntos de la br\'fajula. Esta p\'e1gina permite personalizar la acci\'f3n que realiza el TouchPad cuando se detecta un Gesto.\par
\par
Para habilitar el procesamiento de Gesto, active la casilla titulada \b Habilitar\b0 . A continuaci\'f3n, elija una acci\'f3n en la lista desplegable por cada direcci\'f3n de \b Gesto.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar para un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n superior izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n superior del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n superior izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gestos\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n inferior derecha del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n inferior del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n inferior izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
Seleccione la acci\'f3n que desee ejecutar mediante un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos en la regi\'f3n izquierda del TouchPad.\par
\par
Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g\b0 , este tipo de gesto ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que presionar la tecla Re P\'e1g del teclado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Grabar y ejecutar un macro del teclado\b0\par
\par
Esta acci\'f3n reproduce una secuencia de pulsaciones de tecla previamente grabada. Tras seleccionar esta acci\'f3n, puede grabar la secuencia de pulsaciones de tecla que desee reproducir.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Cuadro de di\'e1logo Grabaci\'f3n de macro del teclado\b0\par
Este cuadro de di\'e1logo permite grabar una secuencia de pulsaciones de tecla, que despu\'e9s puede reproducirse. Dicha secuencia de pulsaciones normalmente se llama normalmente \i macro\i0  de teclado.\par
\par
Para empezar a grabar una macro, presione el bot\'f3n \b Iniciar\b0 . Al hacerlo, se activa el bot\'f3n \b Detener\b0 , y se desactiva \b Iniciar\b0 ,  para indicar que la grabaci\'f3n est\'e1 en curso. Puesto que se detectan todas las pulsaciones del teclado durante la grabaci\'f3n, la \'fanica forma de salir del modo de grabaci\'f3n es presionando el bot\'f3n Detener con el rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Mientras no se graba, est\'e1 disponible el bot\'f3n \b Borrar\b0  para vaciar la memoria intermedia de pulsaciones grabadas. Una vez activada la grabaci\'f3n, este bot\'f3n cumple la funci\'f3n de tecla de retroceso. Al presionar el bot\'f3n \b Atr\'e1s\b0  se elimina la \'faltima entrada de la memoria intermedia de pulsaciones grabadas. Tenga en cuenta que, durante la grabaci\'f3n, el bot\'f3n \b Atr\'e1s\b0  debe presionarse con el rat\'f3n.\par
\par
A medida que se graban las pulsaciones, van apareciendo en la ventana de texto del cuadro de di\'e1logo de grabaci\'f3n. Las teclas alfab\'e9ticas, num\'e9ricas y de puntuaci\'f3n aparecen en la ventana de texto igual que se mostrar\'edan en un documento en pantalla. Las teclas no imprimibles se representan mediante etiquetas mnem\'f3nicas entre llaves.\par
\par
Para facilitar la lectura de la ventana de texto, la mayor\'eda de las teclas s\'f3lo se incluyen en ella cuando se presionan. No obstante, las teclas de modo (como \b May\'fas\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  y \b Alt\b0 ) se muestran en la ventana de texto cuando se presionan y cuando se sueltan. Esto permite detectar los cambios de modo del teclado \ldblquote leyendo\rdblquote  la ventana de texto.\par
\par
Tenga en cuenta que la ventana de texto no se puede modificar directamente. Por ejemplo, no es posible insertar una tecla en una secuencia grabada previamente. Si desea hacer esto, deber\'e1 borrar la memoria intermedia grabada y volver a grabar la nueva secuencia de pulsaciones.\par
\par
Cuando finalice la grabaci\'f3n, presione el bot\'f3n \b Aceptar\b0  para guardar o bien \b Cancelar\b0  para descartar la grabaci\'f3n. Cualquiera de estos dos botones cierra el cuadro de di\'e1logo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n para este bot\'f3n del TouchPad. Puede personalizar el bot\'f3n para que genere una de las acciones de la lista desplegable.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Ajusta el tiempo que puede transcurrir entre clics cuando se hace doble clic con el bot\'f3n primario del rat\'f3n. Para los usuarios del rat\'f3n poco experimentados, hacer un doble clic puede resultar m\'e1s f\'e1cil si arrastran el deslizador hacia el ajuste lento. Despu\'e9s pueden probar la velocidad del doble clic ejercit\'e1ndose en la imagen del \'e1rea de prueba.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Proporciona un lugar donde puede comprobar la velocidad del doble clic de su rat\'f3n. Cuando el mu\'f1eco sale de la caja o desaparece, indica que el doble clic ha sido detectado.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Ajuste la velocidad a la que se desplaza el puntero en la pantalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Especifica la aceleraci\'f3n del puntero del rat\'f3n hasta su velocidad m\'e1xima. La aceleraci\'f3n hace que el puntero se desplace m\'e1s r\'e1pido cuando el rat\'f3n se desplaza r\'e1pidamente. Sin aceleraci\'f3n, el puntero se desplaza a la misma velocidad que el rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
A\'f1ade un rastro al puntero del rat\'f3n, gracias al cu\'e1l es m\'e1s f\'e1cil verlo en las pantallas de cristal l\'edquido (LCD). Para cambiar la longitud del rastro, arrastre el deslizador.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Seleccione esta casilla para activar las funciones de desplazamiento universal. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n de configuraci\'f3n para configurar las funciones de desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Haga clic en este bot\'f3n para configurar las funciones de desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Haga clic en este bot\'f3n para configurar las funciones de gesto con dos dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Haga clic en este bot\'f3n para configurar las funciones de gesto con tres dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Haga clic en este bot\'f3n para configurar las funciones de zonas de toques r\'e1pidos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Haga clic en este bot\'f3n para configurar las funciones de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Cuando se selecciona \b Inhabilitar dispositivo\b0 , el dispositivo se\'f1alador actual deja de proporcionar las funciones de movimiento o desplazamiento del cursor, u otras funciones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
La acci\'f3n de colocar dos dedos en la superficie del TouchPad y moverlos en una direcci\'f3n concreta se llama \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos\b .\b0  El TouchPad puede detectar este tipo de movimientos en ocho puntos de la br\'fajula.\par
\par
Para habilitar el procesamiento de \b Gesto\b0  con dos dedos, active la casilla titulada \b Habilitar gestos de dos dedos\b0 . A continuaci\'f3n, haga clic en el bot\'f3n de configuraci\'f3n de dos dedos para personalizar la acci\'f3n que realiza el TouchPad cuando se detecta un \b Gesto\b0  de dos dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
La acci\'f3n de colocar tres dedos sobre la superficie del TouchPad y moverlos en una direcci\'f3n concreta se llama \b Gesto\b0  de tres dedos. El TouchPad puede detectar este tipo de movimientos en dos puntos de la br\'fajula.\par
\par
Para habilitar el procesamiento de \b Movimiento\b0  con tres dedos, active la casilla titulada \b Habilitar gestos de tres dedos\b0 . A continuaci\'f3n, haga clic en el bot\'f3n de configuraci\'f3n \b Tres dedos\b0  para personalizar la acci\'f3n que realiza el TouchPad cuando se detecta un \b Gesto\b0  de tres dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
La acci\'f3n de colocar dos o tres dedos sobre la superficie del TouchPad y moverlos en una direcci\'f3n concreta se llama \b Movimiento\b0  de dedos. El TouchPad puede detectar este tipo de movimientos en ocho puntos de la br\'fajula.\par
\par
Puede habilitar cualquier combinaci\'f3n de gestos de dos o tres dedos\b .\b0  Para habilitar el procesamiento de Gesto, active la casilla apropiada titulada \b Habilitar\b0 . A continuaci\'f3n, haga clic en el bot\'f3n de configuraci\'f3n para personalizar la acci\'f3n que realiza el TouchPad cuando se detecta un Gesto de tres dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Es un mapa peque\'f1o del TouchPad en la que se muestran las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos con un tramado. Las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos pueden ampliarse o reducirse arrastrando los controladores de tama\'f1o de color negro. Las flechas que aparecen a cada lado del mapa marcan la posici\'f3n del dedo en el TouchPad real. Si el dedo se encuentra en una zona de toques r\'e1pidos activa del TouchPad, la zona de toques r\'e1pidos correspondiente en el mapa se vuelve de color s\'f3lido.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Presionar para seleccionar solamente\b0\par
Seleccione esta opci\'f3n si desea que al dar un toque r\'e1pido o presionar el puntero se seleccionen objetos, pero no se arrastren. Esto equivale a un clic del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
En esta lista se relacionan todas las teclas que pueden activar el modo de movimiento lento. Seleccione la tecla que desee utilizar haciendo clic en su entrada en el cuadro de lista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b Ajustar la velocidad de EdgeMotion\b0\par
Este deslizador controla la velocidad de EdgeMotion cuando est\'e1 seleccionada la opci\'f3n \b Velocidad fija\b0 .\par
Puede seleccionar la velocidad de EdgeMotion ajustando la posici\'f3n del deslizador entre \b Lenta\b0  y \b R\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n del cuadro de lista para asignarla al bot\'f3n seleccionado. Algunas acciones no requieren una configuraci\'f3n adicional. No obstante, si se requiere m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  se activa o bien se abre un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar la configuraci\'f3n de la acci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n del cuadro de lista para asignarla a esta zona de toques r\'e1pidos. Hay muchas acciones que no requieren una configuraci\'f3n adicional. No obstante, si se requiere m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  se activa o bien se abre un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar la configuraci\'f3n de la acci\'f3n.\par
\par
Las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos pueden tener asignadas diversas acciones. Pueden existir acciones adicionales si hay instalado un complemento de software de terceros para el TouchPad.\par
\par
\ul\b Acciones de zonas de toques r\'e1pidos\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Saltar al bot\'f3n Inicio\b0\par
Esta acci\'f3n hace que el puntero salte al bot\'f3n \b Inicio\b0  de la barra de tareas de Windows y abre autom\'e1ticamente el men\'fa \b Inicio\b0 .\par
\par
\b Minimizar la aplicaci\'f3n actual\b0\par
Esta acci\'f3n minimiza la ventana de la aplicaci\'f3n actual. Si la ventana ya estaba minimizada, se restaura a su tama\'f1o y posici\'f3n normales.\par
\par
\b Maximizar la aplicaci\'f3n actual\b0\par
Esta acci\'f3n maximiza la ventana de la aplicaci\'f3n actual (de forma que cubre la pantalla completa). Si la ventana ya estaba maximizada, se restaura a su tama\'f1o y posici\'f3n normales.\par
\par
\b Ejecutar un programa seleccionado por el usuario\b0\par
Esta acci\'f3n permite especificar el nombre del programa que se debe ejecutar autom\'e1ticamente cuando se hace clic en el bot\'f3n o se da un toque r\'e1pido en la zona de toques r\'e1pidos.\par
\par
Si las opciones del cuadro de lista est\'e1n atenuadas y no puede seleccionarlas, aseg\'farese de que est\'e9n habilitados \b Toque r\'e1pido\b0  y \b Zona de toques r\'e1pidos\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Avisos de patentes\par
Selecci\'f3n de desplazamiento\par
Configuraci\'f3n del sistema\par
Configuraci\'f3n de dispositivo\par
activado\par
Bordes adhesivos\par
Activar bordes adhesivos\par
Realizar EdgeMotion solamente al &arrastrar\par
Realizar EdgeMotion al arrastrar y &se\'f1alar\par
Sin EdgeMotion\par
Desplazamiento virtual\par
Velocidad fija\par
Presionar para seleccionar solamente\par
Presionar para seleccionar y arrastrar\par
Presionar para seleccionar acci\'f3n\par
Presionar para seleccionar es hacer clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo\par
Seleccionar un elemento\par
Botones\par
Activar botones\par
Tocar r\'e1pido y arrastre\par
Desplazamiento una distancia larga\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
Las funciones \b Tocar r\'e1pido y arrastre\b0  duplican la funcionalidad de los botones del \ldblquote rat\'f3n\rdblquote .\par
\par
\b Tocar otra vez y mantener para arrastrar\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla para arrastrar objetos sin tener que presionar el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n o del TouchPad. Para arrastrar, d\'e9 dos toques r\'e1pidos en el objeto y mantenga el dedo en el TouchPad tras el segundo toque. Traslade el objeto seleccionado deslizando el dedo a lo largo de la superficie del TouchPad, y lev\'e1ntelo para soltar el objeto.\par
\par
\b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0\par
Esta opci\'f3n permite arrastrar objetos a trav\'e9s de la pantalla una larga distancia efectuando varios toques con el dedo. Si \b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0  est\'e1 seleccionado, la acci\'f3n de arrastre persiste despu\'e9s de levantar el dedo del TouchPad. Toque otra vez el TouchPad para soltar el objeto y finalizar el arrastre. Para poder usar \b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0 , tambi\'e9n debe estar seleccionada la funci\'f3n \b Tocar otra vez y mantener para arrastrar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  permite desplazarse con una sola presi\'f3n del dedo. Acciona las barras de desplazamiento de forma autom\'e1tica, por lo que no es necesario alejar el puntero del trabajo. Desplazamiento virtual funciona en la mayor\'eda de las ventanas que pueden desplazarse, por ejemplo, en los documentos de aplicaciones de procesamiento de textos, hojas de c\'e1lculo e im\'e1genes digitales de tama\'f1o grande. Tambi\'e9n funciona en otros elementos que necesitan desplazamiento, como listas de archivos y fuentes. Desplazamiento virtual proporciona un desplazamiento de m\'e1xima sencillez y suavidad para todas las aplicaciones. Haga clic en la ventana o el elemento en que desee desplazar y deslice el dedo hacia arriba o abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad para desplazarse verticalmente. Para habilitar esta funci\'f3n, active la casilla \b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0  o \b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0 . Si Desplazamiento virtual no responde, aseg\'farese de que est\'e9 activada la casilla\b  Habilitar desplazamiento\b0  apropiada y que la ventana o el elemento en el que ha hecho clic tiene permitido el desplazamiento. Si a\'fan tiene problemas, compruebe la configuraci\'f3n de \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de \b Sensibilidad\b0  permite personalizar c\'f3mo responde el TouchPad a los toques.\par
\par
Para ajustar la sensibilidad, seleccione un elemento del \'e1rbol de men\'fas \b Sensibilidad\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
El diagrama superior representa la superficie del TouchPad. La zona tramada del diagrama muestra las regiones de EdgeMotion en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al tocar el TouchPad con el dedo, aparecen flechas a lo largo del borde del diagrama del TouchPad, que muestran la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo se encuentra en una regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion activa del TouchPad, la zona de EdgeMotion correspondiente en el diagrama se vuelve de color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir el tama\'f1o de las regiones de EdgeMotion si arrastra uno de los peque\'f1os cuadrados negros del borde de la zona tramada.\par
\par
Si tiene alguna dificultad para activar el EdgeMotion, aumente el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion, desplazando hacia dentro los bordes de la zona tramada. Si el EdgeMotion se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Si las regiones de EdgeMotion est\'e1n atenuadas y no puede ajustarlas, aseg\'farese de que EdgeMotion est\'e9 activado. Para habilitarlo, siga estos pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione \b Movimiento de borde\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Seleccione una de las opciones de \b Realizar EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas para regresar a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Avisos de patentes\b0\par
Este software, los dispositivos de entrada relacionados con el mismo y/o el uso de dichos dispositivos est\'e1n cubiertos por las siguientes patentes:\par
\par
\b Patentes de Europa\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB]; \par
\par
\b Patentes de Corea\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Patente de Singapur n\'ba\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Patentes de creaci\'f3n de Taiw\'e1n\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b Patentes de China\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Patente de Hong Kong N.\'ba\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Patentes de Jap\'f3n\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Patentes de Estados Unidos \b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
y otras patentes, as\'ed como patentes pendientes.\par
\par
\b Marcas registradas\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, el logotipo de ChiralMotion, el logotipo de Scrybe y el logotipo de Synaptics son marcas comerciales de Synaptics Incorporated, registradas en Estados Unidos y/o en otros pa\'edses. Cualquier otro producto, servicio o nombre de empresa mencionado en este documento se considera marca comercial y nombre comercial por sus respectivas empresas.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Reservados todos los derechos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Bordes adhesivos\b0  limita la posici\'f3n del puntero al interior de la ventana activa. Cuando se intenta sacar el puntero de la ventana, su movimiento se detiene en el borde. Si se intenta por segunda vez, el puntero queda libre para abandonar la ventana.\par
\par
La detenci\'f3n del puntero en los bordes de la ventana facilita el acceso a los controles situados en dichos bordes. Por ejemplo, para cerrar una ventana o cambiar su tama\'f1o, puede desplazar el puntero r\'e1pidamente en la direcci\'f3n general del cuadro de cierre o el borde de la ventana, y el puntero se detendr\'e1 exactamente en el lugar que desea.\par
\par
Para habilitar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar bordes adhesivos\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
Los botones de esta p\'e1gina controlan el funcionamiento de Presionar para seleccionar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Velocidad de desplazamiento\b0\par
Use este deslizador para controlar la rapidez de desplazamiento de la ventana como respuesta al movimiento del dedo en la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Este deslizador determina la rapidez con que debe presionar el puntero se\'f1alador para ejecutar una acci\'f3n que corresponde a un clic del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Si experimenta clics involuntarios, configure una velocidad m\'e1s alta. Si, por el contrario, experimenta dificultades para hacer clic con el puntero se\'f1alador, configure una velocidad m\'e1s lenta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
El deslizador de velocidad puede ajustarse entre "Presionar lento" (izquierda) y "Presionar r\'e1pido" (derecha).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Controla si al presionar el puntero se\'f1alador se produce un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho (acci\'f3n de men\'fa contextual) en vez de un clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo (acci\'f3n de selecci\'f3n normal).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Presionar para seleccionar\b0  controla la funci\'f3n del mismo nombre del puntero se\'f1alador.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de \b Sensibilidad\b0  permite personalizar c\'f3mo responde el puntero se\'f1alador a los toques.\par
\par
Para ajustar la sensibilidad, seleccione un elemento del men\'fa \b Sensibilidad\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Sensibilidad t\'e1ctil\b0  permite ajustar la presi\'f3n que debe aplicarse con el dedo para mover el puntero a una velocidad determinada. Si experimenta un movimiento err\'e1tico del puntero, pruebe a mover el deslizador hacia la derecha, \b Toque fuerte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Controla si al presionar el puntero se\'f1alador se arrastran objetos en la pantalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Este bot\'f3n ejecuta el tutorial de desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Esta secci\'f3n controla el comportamiento del TouchPad cuando est\'e1 conectado un dispositivo PS2 externo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Permite el funcionamiento simult\'e1neo del TouchPad y el dispositivo PS2 externo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Desactiva el TouchPad cuando est\'e1 conectado un dispositivo PS2 externo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Define la distancia que se desplaza una p\'e1gina cuando la rueda gira una muesca. El desplazamiento puede ser un n\'famero concreto de l\'edneas o una pantalla completa.\par
\par
El n\'famero de l\'edneas que mide "una pantalla" var\'eda en funci\'f3n del tama\'f1o de la ventana y del programa que se utiliza. Equivale a presionar las teclas RE P\'c1G o AV P\'c1G del teclado o a hacer clic en la barra de desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Haga clic para establecer el n\'famero de l\'edneas de desplazamiento por cada muesca de la rueda. Para activar esta configuraci\'f3n es posible que deba cerrar las aplicaciones y abrirlas otra vez.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Haga clic para desplazarse una pantalla por cada muesca de la rueda. Para activar esta configuraci\'f3n es posible que tenga que cerrar las aplicaciones y abrirlas otra vez.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Estas opciones permiten especificar qu\'e9 ventana o elemento se desplaza cuando se utiliza el desplazamiento virtual. Seleccione las opciones de desplazamiento virtual que desee habilitar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Presionar para seleccionar acci\'f3n\b0\par
Puede configurar el puntero se\'f1alador de forma que ejecute un clic con el bot\'f3n derecho o izquierdo del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Movimientos de tres dedos\b0\par
Consiste en deslizar tres dedos desde la parte superior a la inferior del TouchPad en un movimiento continuo, para luego levantarlos simult\'e1neamente, separ\'e1ndolos de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Puede utilizar un movimiento de tres dedos para ejecutar una acci\'f3n como \ldblquote ir a una p\'e1gina Web en el explorador predeterminado\rdblquote . Cada vez que realice un movimiento de tres dedos, el explorador abrir\'e1 y cargar\'e1 la p\'e1gina Web especificada.\par
\par
Marque la casilla \b Habilitar movimientos de tres dedos\b0  para habilitar esta funci\'f3n. Existen dos direcciones posibles de movimiento para un movimiento de tres dedos: de arriba abajo y de abajo a arriba.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Puede configurar una acci\'f3n para los siguientes movimientos de tres dedos que se muestran en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda:\par
\par
\b Arriba\b0 : Deslice tres dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la parte inferior y terminando en la superior, con un movimiento vertical hacia arriba.\par
\par
\b Abajo\b0 : Deslice tres dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la parte superior y terminando en la inferior, con un movimiento vertical hacia abajo.\par
\par
Configuraci\'f3n de acciones para movimientos de tres dedos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseg\'farese de que la casilla \b Habilitar movimientos de tres dedos\b0  est\'e1 marcada.\par
2.\tab Seleccione una opci\'f3n del \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda. Seleccione la opci\'f3n que coincida con el punto donde termine el movimiento de los dedos. Por ejemplo, si desea configurar un movimiento de tres dedos que comience en la parte inferior y termine en la superior, seleccione \b Arriba\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione una acci\'f3n de las citadas anteriormente para asignarla al movimiento seleccionado. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se ejecutar\'e1 cada vez que realice el movimiento de tres dedos.\par
4.\tab Algunas acciones no requieren ninguna configuraci\'f3n adicional. No obstante, se habilitar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n en caso de que necesite m\'e1s informaci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o modificar la configuraci\'f3n de la acci\'f3n.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Si no puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista, aseg\'farese de que las opciones est\'e1n habilitadas. Para habilitar las opciones, siga los siguientes pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione los \b movimientos de tres dedos\b0  del men\'fa de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Marque la casilla\b  Habilitar movimientos de tres dedos\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione el punto donde vaya a terminar el movimiento del \'e1rbol de men\'fas para volver a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Movimientos de dos dedos\b0\par
Consiste en situar dos dedos sobre la superficie del TouchPad y deslizarlos desde un lado (o una esquina) del TouchPad al lado opuesto (o la esquina opuesta) con un movimiento rectil\'edneo y continuo, para luego levantarlos, separ\'e1ndolos simult\'e1neamente de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Puede utilizar un movimiento de dos dedos para ejecutar una acci\'f3n como \ldblquote ir a una p\'e1gina Web en el explorador predeterminado\rdblquote . Cada vez que realice un movimiento de dos dedos, el explorador abrir\'e1 y cargar\'e1 la p\'e1gina Web especificada.\par
\par
Marque la casilla \b Habilitar movimientos de dos dedos\b0  para habilitar esta funci\'f3n. Existen ocho direcciones posibles de movimiento para un movimiento de dos dedos:\par
\par
Es posible que algunas direcciones de movimientos no est\'e9n disponibles en todos los equipos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Puede configurar una acci\'f3n para los siguientes movimientos de dos dedos que se muestran en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda:\par
\par
\b Arriba\b0 : Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la parte inferior y terminando en la superior, con un movimiento vertical hacia arriba.\par
\par
\b Esquina superior derecha:\b0  Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la esquina inferior izquierda y terminando en la esquina superior derecha, con un movimiento diagonal.\par
\par
\b Derecha:\b0  Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en el lado izquierdo y terminando en el lado derecho, con un movimiento horizontal.\par
\par
\b Esquina inferior derecha:\b0  Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la esquina superior izquierda y terminando en la esquina inferior derecha, con un movimiento diagonal.\par
\par
\b Abajo\b0 : Deslice dos dedos a trav\'e9s de la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la parte superior y terminando en la inferior, con un movimiento vertical hacia abajo.\par
\par
\b Esquina inferior izquierda:\b0  Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la esquina superior derecha y terminando en la esquina inferior izquierda, con un movimiento diagonal.\par
\par
\b Izquierda:\b0  Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en el lado derecho y terminando en el lado izquierdo, con un movimiento horizontal.\par
\par
\b Esquina superior izquierda:\b0  Deslice dos dedos por la superficie del TouchPad, empezando en la esquina inferior derecha y terminando en la esquina superior izquierda, con un movimiento diagonal.\par
\par
Configuraci\'f3n de acciones para movimientos de dos dedos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseg\'farese de que la casilla \b Habilitar movimientos de dos dedos\b0  est\'e1 marcada.\par
2.\tab Seleccione una opci\'f3n del \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda. Seleccione la opci\'f3n que coincida con el punto donde termine el movimiento de los dedos. Por ejemplo, si desea configurar un movimiento de dos dedos que comience en la parte inferior y termine en la superior, seleccione \b Arriba\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione una acci\'f3n de la lista que se muestra m\'e1s arriba para asignarla al movimiento seleccionado. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se ejecutar\'e1 cada vez que realice el movimiento de dos dedos.\par
4.\tab Muchas acciones no requieren ninguna configuraci\'f3n adicional. No obstante, se habilitar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n en caso de que necesite m\'e1s informaci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o modificar la configuraci\'f3n de la acci\'f3n.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Si no puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista, aseg\'farese de que las opciones est\'e1n habilitadas. Para habilitar las opciones, siga los siguientes pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione los \b movimientos de dos dedos\b0  del men\'fa de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Seleccione la casilla \b Habilitar movimientos de dos dedos\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione el punto donde vaya a terminar el movimiento del \'e1rbol de men\'fas para volver a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
En esta ventana \b Propiedades\b0  puede personalizar la configuraci\'f3n de su dispositivo se\'f1alador. Use el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda para obtener acceso a las funciones personalizables.\par
\par
\b Utilizaci\'f3n de la ventana Propiedades\b0\par
Haga clic en una funci\'f3n del \'e1rbol de men\'fas para ver una p\'e1gina con la configuraci\'f3n correspondiente. Algunas funciones tienen varias p\'e1ginas de configuraciones. Haga clic en \b +\b0  (signo m\'e1s) situado junto a cada funci\'f3n para ver todas las p\'e1ginas relacionadas. La configuraci\'f3n aparecer\'e1 en la ventana que se encuentra a la derecha del \'e1rbol de men\'fas. En este cuadro de informaci\'f3n podr\'e1 ver informaci\'f3n de estas opciones, as\'ed como instrucciones para cambiarlas. Utilice la barra de desplazamiento para ver el contenido del cuadro de informaci\'f3n que no est\'e9 visible.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Restaurar todos los valores predeterminados\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Restaurar todos los valores predeterminados\b0  devuelve la configuraci\'f3n completa de todas las p\'e1ginas a los valores establecidos de f\'e1brica.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Restaurar valores predeterminados de p\'e1gina\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Restaurar valores predeterminados de p\'e1gina\b0  devuelve la configuraci\'f3n completa de la p\'e1gina actual a los valores establecidos de f\'e1brica.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aceptar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Aceptar\b0  guarda los cambios y cierra la ventana Propiedades.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Cancelar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Cancelar\b0  cierra la ventana Propiedades sin guardar los cambios y restaura los valores de configuraci\'f3n anteriores.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aplicar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Aplicar\b0  guarda los cambios, pero mantiene abierta la ventana Propiedades para permitir efectuar nuevos cambios.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  le permite desplazarse por p\'e1ginas Web, documentos y otros elementos con el TouchPad. S\'f3lo tiene que colocar un dedo en la zona de desplazamiento (el borde exterior del TouchPad) y deslizarlo en c\'edrculos. Un peque\'f1o relieve en la superficie del TouchPad le ayuda a guiar el movimiento del dedo. No obstante, no es necesario que llegue hacia la zona exterior una vez que haya empezado a desplazarse. Basta con empezar en la zona de desplazamiento, si lo prefiere, deslice el dedo hacia el centro del TouchPad y despl\'e1cese en peque\'f1os c\'edrculos en esa zona. Para detenerse, s\'f3lo tiene que levantar el dedo.\par
\par
Las opciones de Desplazamiento virtual incluyen: Desplazamiento vertical (arriba y abajo), Desplazamiento vertical y horizontal (arriba, abajo, izquierda y derecha), Desplazamiento de audio (efectos de sonido) o ning\'fan desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0\par
Seleccione esta opci\'f3n para desplazarse hacia arriba y hacia abajo.\par
\par
Para desplazarse hacia abajo, coloque el dedo en cualquier lugar de la zona de desplazamiento y mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos hacia la derecha.\par
\par
Para desplazarse hacia abajo, coloque el dedo en cualquier lugar de la zona de desplazamiento y mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos hacia la izquierda.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento vertical y horizontal\b0\par
Seleccione esta opci\'f3n para desplazarse hacia arriba, hacia abajo, hacia la izquierda o hacia la derecha. El lado derecho de la zona de desplazamiento controla el desplazamiento vertical. La parte inferior de la zona de desplazamiento controla el desplazamiento horizontal.\par
\par
Para desplazarse hacia abajo, coloque el dedo en la parte derecha de la zona de desplazamiento y mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos hacia la derecha.\par
\par
Para desplazarse hacia arriba, coloque el dedo en la parte derecha de la zona de desplazamiento y mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos hacia la izquierda.\par
\par
Para desplazarse hacia la derecha, coloque el dedo en la parte inferior de la zona de desplazamiento y mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos hacia la izquierda.\par
\par
Para desplazarse hacia la izquierda, coloque el dedo en la parte inferior de la zona de desplazamiento y mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos hacia la derecha.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Habilitar desplazamiento de audio\b0\par
Seleccione esta opci\'f3n para los efectos de sonido que acompa\'f1ar a sus acciones de desplazamiento.\par
\par
NOTA: tambi\'e9n debe seleccionar \b Desplazamiento vertical\b0  o \b Desplazamiento vertical y horizontal\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Inhabilitar desplazamiento\b0\par
Si no desea utilizar ninguna de las funciones de desplazamiento virtual, seleccione \b Inhabilitar desplazamiento\b0 . Con esta opci\'f3n seleccionada, a\'fan se puede utilizar la zona de desplazamiento para se\'f1alar y dar toques en lugar de para desplazarse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Opciones de iluminaci\'f3n\b0\par
\par
El dispositivo de se\'f1alizaci\'f3n de LuxPad cuenta con una serie de opciones de iluminaci\'f3n. Active la casilla \b Habilitar iluminaci\'f3n\b0  para personalizar los efectos de luz de LuxPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Brillo\b0\par
\par
Puede seleccionar diferentes niveles de brillo tanto si su ordenador port\'e1til est\'e1 conectado a una fuente de alimentaci\'f3n como si funciona con bater\'eda. Si ampliar la duraci\'f3n de la bater\'eda es de vital importancia, le ser\'e1 \'fatil seleccionar otra configuraci\'f3n.\par
\par
Las opciones de brillo para \b Energ\'eda externa\b0  y \b Bater\'eda\b0  son \b Baj\b0 o, \b Medio\b0  y \b Alto\b0 .\par
\par
Si las opciones de esta p\'e1gina est\'e1n atenuadas y no se pueden utilizar, puede habilitarlas haciendo clic en \b Opciones de iluminaci\'f3n\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda. Haga clic en la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar iluminaci\'f3n\b0  para activarla y vuelva a la \b p\'e1gina Brillo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Tiempo de iluminaci\'f3n\b0\par
\par
La p\'e1gina \b Tiempo de iluminaci\'f3n\b0  le proporciona una serie de opciones de efectos de luz.\par
\par
Active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Siempre activado\b0  si desea que LuxPad est\'e9 siempre iluminado despu\'e9s de iniciar la sesi\'f3n.\par
\par
Las opciones\b  Tiempo de iluminaci\'f3n tras iniciar sesi\'f3n\b0  e\b  Iluminar al tocar\b0  s\'f3lo est\'e1n disponibles cuando se desactiva la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Siempre activado\b0 . Si hay una marca en la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Siempre activado\b0 , puede hacer clic en ella para desactivarla.\par
\par
La barra deslizante\b  Tiempo de iluminaci\'f3n tras iniciar sesi\'f3n\b0  permite especificar el tiempo que desea que LuxPad est\'e9 iluminado tras iniciar la sesi\'f3n. Mueva el deslizador hacia la izquierda para reducir el tiempo o hacia la derecha para aumentarlo.\par
\par
Active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n\b  Iluminar al tocar\b0  si desea que LuxPad se ilumine cuando el dedo toque la superficie de LuxPad. LuxPad se iluminar\'e1 cada vez que lo toque.\par
\par
Si las opciones de esta p\'e1gina est\'e1n atenuadas y no se pueden utilizar, puede habilitarlas haciendo clic en \b Opciones de iluminaci\'f3n\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas de la izquierda. Haga clic en la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar iluminaci\'f3n\b0  para activarla y, a continuaci\'f3n, vuelva a la \b p\'e1gina Tiempo de iluminaci\'f3n\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Para utilizar el puntero se\'f1alador o el TouchPad o mover el cursor, seleccione la opci\'f3n de \b Habilitar\b0  correspondiente.\par
\par
Puede habilitar tanto el puntero se\'f1alador como el TouchPad. Si lo hace, podr\'e1 tocar cualquiera de los dos para mover el cursor.\par
\par
Para utilizar los botones del puntero se\'f1alador, los botones del TouchPad o ambos, seleccione las opciones de \b Habilitar\b0  correspondientes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
Seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Inhabilitar\b0  del dispositivo, o los botones del dispositivo, que no desee utilizar; de esta manera evitar\'e1 activarlos accidentalmente cuando escriba o se\'f1ale.\par
\par
Nota: no puede inhabilitar el puntero se\'f1alador y el TouchPad a la vez.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Para cambiar la acci\'f3n asignada al presionar un \b bot\'f3n izquierdo\b0 , \b ambos botones\b0  o un bot\'f3n derecho, haga clic en la flecha derecha de la lista desplegable para mostrar las opciones. Seleccione la acci\'f3n deseada.\par
\par
Si necesita m\'e1s informaci\'f3n para la acci\'f3n seleccionada, se habilitar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Si necesita m\'e1s informaci\'f3n para la acci\'f3n seleccionada en la lista desplegable, se habilitar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0 . Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  e introduzca la informaci\'f3n solicitada en el cuadro de di\'e1logo que aparece. Haga clic \b en el bot\'f3n Aceptar\b0  para guardar la configuraci\'f3n y cerrar el cuadro de di\'e1logo.\par
\par
Puede ver o cambiar la configuraci\'f3n en cualquier momento haciendo clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Para restaurar la configuraci\'f3n predeterminada de todos los elementos de la ventana, haga clic en este bot\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Para realizar un clic primario con un toque, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Toque r\'e1pido para hacer clic\b0 . Un toque es un movimiento de abajo arriba r\'e1pido.\par
\par
Si se desactiva esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n, s\'f3lo podr\'e1 realizar un clic primario presionando un bot\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Para arrastrar objetos sin presionar un bot\'f3n del TouchPad, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Toque r\'e1pido y arrastre\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar esta funci\'f3n, toque un objeto para seleccionarlo, coloque el dedo r\'e1pidamente en el TouchPad y desl\'edcelo en la direcci\'f3n hacia la que desee arrastrarlo. Levante el dedo del TouchPad para soltar el objeto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Para arrastrar objetos a lo largo de la pantalla mediante varios toques, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Bloqueo para arrastre\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el bloqueo de arrastre, toque un objeto para seleccionarlo. Utilice todos los toques del TouchPad que sean necesarios para mover el objeto al lugar deseado. No es necesario que mantenga el dedo en contacto con la superficie del TouchPad. El objeto seleccionado no se liberar\'e1 hasta que d\'e9 un toque en el TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Puede utilizar este deslizador para ajustar la presi\'f3n del dedo que se debe aplicar para que el TouchPad responda. Si experimenta un movimiento descontrolado del puntero, mueva el deslizador hacia la derecha.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Para evitar movimientos del puntero o clics no deseados mientras escribe, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar PalmCheck\b0 .\par
\par
Esta funci\'f3n permite que el TouchPad reconozca si la mano est\'e1 apoyada sobre \'e9l o si ha rozado su superficie mientras escrib\'eda.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Para ajustar la sensibilidad de PalmCheck, utilice este deslizador.\par
\par
Si el TouchPad realiza movimientos del puntero o clics inesperados, aumente el valor de PalmCheck desplazando el deslizador hacia la derecha. Sin embargo, si mueve el deslizador hacia el extremo derecho, cerca del valor \b M\'e1ximo\b0 , es m\'e1s probable que experimente toques o movimientos no detectados.\par
\par
Si el TouchPad no detecta movimientos del puntero o clics deliberados, reduzca la sensibilidad de PalmCheck desplazando el deslizador hacia la izquierda.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
EdgeMotion permite que el puntero se siga moviendo cuando llegue al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
Sin EdgeMotion, debe dar varios toques en el TouchPad o aumentar la velocidad de movimiento del puntero en la ficha \b Opciones de puntero\b0  para moverlo a largas distancias f\'e1cilmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Para utilizar \i EdgeMotion\i0  para acciones de arrastre (tocar r\'e1pido y arrastrar o bloqueo de arrastre), active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Al arrastrar\b0 .\par
\par
EdgeMotion permite que el puntero se siga moviendo cuando llegue al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
Si se selecciona esta opci\'f3n, EdgeMotion no se ejecutar\'e1 durante el movimiento normal del puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Para utilizar \i EdgeMotion\i0  siempre que el dedo alcance el borde del TouchPad, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Al se\'f1alar\b0 .\par
\par
EdgeMotion permite que el puntero se siga moviendo cuando llegue al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Para utilizar \i EdgeMotion\i0  con la funci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 , active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n Al desplazarse.\par
\par
EdgeMotion permite que el puntero se siga moviendo cuando llegue al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Este diagrama representa la superficie del TouchPad. La zona sombreada del diagrama muestra las regiones de EdgeMotion de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al tocar el TouchPad con el dedo, aparecen flechas a lo largo del borde del diagrama del TouchPad que indican la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo se encuentra en una regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion activa del TouchPad, la zona de EdgeMotion correspondiente del diagrama se vuelve de color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir el tama\'f1o de las regiones de EdgeMotion si arrastra uno de los peque\'f1os cuadrados negros del borde de la zona sombreada.\par
\par
Si tiene alguna dificultad para activar el EdgeMotion, aumente el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion, desplazando hacia dentro los bordes de la zona sombreada. Si EdgeMotion se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Si las regiones de EdgeMotion est\'e1n en gris y no se pueden ajustar, seleccione una de las opciones de EdgeMotion y podr\'e1 cambiar el tama\'f1o de las regiones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Para que la velocidad dependa de la presi\'f3n, active esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n. Si selecciona esta opci\'f3n, al presionar con m\'e1s fuerza har\'e1 que el puntero se mueva m\'e1s r\'e1pido.\par
\par
Para obtener una velocidad constante, desactive la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Controlar velocidad de EdgeMotion con presi\'f3n dactilar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Para ajustar la velocidad de EdgeMotion cuando la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Controlar velocidad de EdgeMotion con presi\'f3n dactilar\b0  est\'e1 desactivada, utilice este deslizador. Arrastre el deslizador hacia la derecha para que el movimiento de EdgeMotion sea m\'e1s r\'e1pido o hacia la izquierda para que sea m\'e1s lento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Para configurar una zona de toques r\'e1pidos con el fin de realizar una acci\'f3n cuando se d\'e9 un toque, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar zonas de toques r\'e1pidos\b0 . Cada esquina de la superficie del TouchPad se puede configurar como una zona de toques r\'e1pidos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Para asignar una acci\'f3n a una zona de toques r\'e1pidos, seleccione una opci\'f3n de la lista desplegable. Si necesita m\'e1s informaci\'f3n para la acci\'f3n seleccionada, se habilitar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Este diagrama representa la superficie del TouchPad. Las zonas sombreadas del diagrama muestran las regiones de la zona de toques r\'e1pidos que est\'e1n activas de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al tocar el TouchPad con el dedo, aparecen flechas a lo largo del borde del diagrama del TouchPad que indican la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo se encuentra en una zona de toques r\'e1pidos activa del TouchPad, la zona correspondiente del diagrama se vuelve de color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir el tama\'f1o de las regiones de zona de toques r\'e1pidos si arrastra uno de los peque\'f1os cuadrados negros de las esquinas de las zonas sombreadas.\par
\par
Si tiene alguna dificultad para activar la acci\'f3n de una zona de toques r\'e1pidos, ampl\'ede la zona. Si una zona de toques r\'e1pidos se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca su tama\'f1o.\par
\par
Si las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos est\'e1n en gris y no se pueden ajuste, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar zonas de toques r\'e1pidos\b0  y podr\'e1 cambiar el tama\'f1o de las mismas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Si desea utilizar un movimiento de toque para realizar las funciones de los botones \b Atr\'e1s\b0  o \b Adelante\b0  de un navegador Web, active la casilla Habilitar movimientos hacia atr\'e1s/adelante\b .\b0\par
\par
Para realizar un movimiento hacia atr\'e1s o hacia adelante, coloque el dedo en el borde superior del TouchPad y mueva el dedo a la derecha o a la izquierda. Si mueve el dedo hacia la izquierda conseguir\'e1 el efecto del bot\'f3n Atr\'e1s. Y si lo mueve hacia la derecha conseguir\'e1 el efecto del bot\'f3n Adelante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Para utilizar las opciones de Desplazamiento virtual, active la casilla \b Habilitar desplazamiento\b0 .\par
\par
Con el Desplazamiento virtual habilitado, al deslizar el dedo de arriba a abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza verticalmente. Si desliza el dedo por el borde inferior del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Para mostrar las opciones de Desplazamiento virtual y ajustar la configuraci\'f3n, haga clic en este bot\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Para desplazar la ventana o elemento activo, seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Desplazar elemento seleccionado\b0 . El elemento activo suele ser la \'faltima ventana, parte de una ventana o el elemento en el que haya hecho clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
Para desplazar un elemento que se encuentre bajo el puntero en una aplicaci\'f3n activa, seleccione esta opci\'f3n. Esta opci\'f3n permite desplazar el elemento sin necesidad de hacer clic en \'e9l primero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Para desplazarse f\'e1cilmente por documentos grandes, active la casilla \b Habilitar trayectoria\b0 . Con esta funci\'f3n, el desplazamiento virtual contin\'faa despu\'e9s de levantar el dedo del TouchPad.\par
\par
Para utilizarla, desplace el dedo y lev\'e1ntelo con un movimiento suave vertical u horizontal. Para detener el desplazamiento, toque el TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Este diagrama representa la superficie del TouchPad. La zona sombreada del diagrama muestra las regiones de Desplazamiento virtual de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al tocar el TouchPad con el dedo, aparecen flechas a lo largo del borde del diagrama del TouchPad que indican la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo se encuentra en una zona de desplazamiento virtual activa del TouchPad, la zona de desplazamiento virtual correspondiente del diagrama se volver\'e1 de color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir el tama\'f1o de las regiones de desplazamiento virtual si arrastra uno de los peque\'f1os cuadrados negros del borde de la zona sombreada.\par
\par
Si tiene alguna dificultad para activar el desplazamiento virtual, aumente el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento virtual desplazando hacia dentro los bordes de la zona sombreada. Si el desplazamiento virtual se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
Si las regiones del desplazamiento virtual est\'e1n en gris y no se pueden ajustar, seleccione una de las opciones de Desplazamiento virtual y podr\'e1 cambiar el tama\'f1o de las regiones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Para ejecutar el tutorial de Desplazamiento virtual, haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Pr\'e1ctica\b0 . Este sencillo laberinto le ayudar\'e1 a aprender a usar Desplazamiento virtual.\par
\par
Nota: aseg\'farese de que est\'e9n activadas las casillas\b  Desplazamiento horizontal\b0  y \b Desplazamiento vertical\b0 .\par
\par
Examine el laberinto antes de empezar a localizar el principio y el final. No puede ver el laberinto completo, puesto que es m\'e1s extenso que la ventana donde se muestra. Use Desplazamiento virtual para mover la vista del laberinto en la ventana. Para acercar o alejar el laberinto, mantenga presionada la tecla \b Ctrl\b0  y use Desplazamiento vertical.\par
\par
La entrada del laberinto est\'e1 se\'f1alada con un punto amarillo en su esquina superior izquierda. La salida se indica con un punto azul situado a la derecha del laberinto.\par
\par
Para empezar:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Haga clic en el cuadrado rojo del punto amarillo.\par
2.\tab Use las teclas de \b flecha\b0  o d\'e9 toques r\'e1pidos en el TouchPad para desplazarse por el laberinto.\par
3.\tab Use Desplazamiento virtual para desplazar la vista del laberinto.\par
4.\tab Cuando llegue al punto azul de la esquina inferior derecha, haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Cerrar\b0  \b de la ventana Pr\'e1ctica de Desplazamiento virtual\b0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento virtual en ventanas que presentan una barra de desplazamiento horizontal, active la casilla \b Desplazamiento horizontal\b0 . Al deslizar el dedo horizontalmente en uno u otro sentido en el borde inferior del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento virtual en ventanas que presentan una barra de desplazamiento vertical, active la casilla \b Desplazamiento vertical\b0 . Al deslizar el dedo de arriba a abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza verticalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Este deslizador permite controlar la velocidad de Desplazamiento virtual. Arrastre el deslizador hacia la derecha para aumentar la velocidad de desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Para utilizar toques r\'e1pidos y presiones a fin de realizar una acci\'f3n determinada, active la casilla \b Habilitar Oprimir para seleccionar\b0 . Las acciones se asignan en la lista desplegable \b Toques r\'e1pidos\b0 .\par
\par
\i Toque r\'e1pido \i0 es un movimiento de dedo r\'e1pido de abajo arriba en el parte superior del puntero se\'f1alador. Un toque suave y r\'e1pido es lo m\'e1s aconsejable. Los toques muy fuertes o lentos son menos eficaces. D\'e9 un toque para hacer un clic o dos toques r\'e1pidos para hacer doble clic.\par
\par
\i Presionar\i0  significa pulsar r\'e1pidamente con el dedo el puntero se\'f1alador. Un toque suave y deliberado es suficiente. Presione sin levantar el dedo para simular que mantiene presionado un bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n. Presione sin levantar y desplace el dedo hacia un lado para hacer clic y arrastrar en cualquier direcci\'f3n. Levante el dedo para soltar el objeto arrastrado.\par
\par
Si la casilla \b Habilitar Oprimir para seleccionar\b0  no est\'e1 activada, debe presionar un bot\'f3n para realizar un clic primario.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Para evitar clics no deseados mientras escribe, active esta casilla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Para asignar una acci\'f3n al toque del puntero se\'f1alador, seleccione una opci\'f3n en la lista desplegable \b Toques r\'e1pidos\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Para ajustar la velocidad con la que se debe tocar el puntero se\'f1alador para hacer clic y doble clic, mueva este deslizador.\par
\par
Si establece una velocidad demasiado baja, es posible que se produzcan clics no intencionados, un retraso del puntero o retrasos al arrastrar. Por el contrario, si establece una velocidad demasiado alta, es posible que le cueste trabajo utilizar Oprimir para seleccionar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Para habilitar Desplazamiento virtual, active la casilla \b Habilitar desplazamiento\b0 . Si selecciona esta opci\'f3n, s\'f3lo podr\'e1 utilizar el puntero se\'f1alador para realizar desplazamientos virtuales horizontales o verticales. Deber\'e1 utilizar el TouchPad o un rat\'f3n externo para mover el cursor.\par
\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento virtual, presione el puntero se\'f1alador en la direcci\'f3n que desee realizar el desplazamiento. Para detener el desplazamiento, levante el dedo del puntero se\'f1alador.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Para ajustar la velocidad de \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 , utilice este deslizador. Mueva el deslizador hacia la derecha para que el desplazamiento sea m\'e1s r\'e1pido o hacia la izquierda para que sea m\'e1s lento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Para ajustar la fuerza que se debe ejercer tanto para mover el cursor como para utilizar la funci\'f3n Oprimir para seleccionar con el puntero se\'f1alador, utilice el deslizador \b Sensibilidad de toque\b0 .\par
\par
Para reducir la fuerza, mueva el deslizador hacia \b Toque ligero\b0 .\par
\par
Para aumentarla, mueva el deslizador hacia \b Toque fuerte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Para mantener el puntero dentro de la ventana activa, active la casilla \b Parar puntero en bordes de ventana\b0 . La detenci\'f3n del puntero en los bordes de la ventana facilita el acceso a los controles cercanos a dichos bordes.\par
\par
Si selecciona esta opci\'f3n, la primera vez que se intenta mover el puntero fuera de la ventana, \'e9ste se detiene en el borde. Si se intenta por segunda vez, el puntero sale de la ventana.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Para aumentar la precisi\'f3n al se\'f1alar y la exactitud de la posici\'f3n, seleccione una opci\'f3n en la lista desplegable \b Tecla de movimiento lento\b0 . Esta funci\'f3n permite reducir la velocidad del puntero.\par
\par
Para utilizar esta funci\'f3n, mantenga presionada la tecla seleccionada mientras mueve el puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Para establecer autom\'e1ticamente la configuraci\'f3n predeterminada del puntero cuando aparece un cuadro de di\'e1logo en la pantalla, seleccione esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Para forzar un movimiento estrictamente horizontal o vertical del puntero en la pantalla, seleccione una opci\'f3n de la lista desplegable \b Tecla limitada de puntero\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar esta funci\'f3n, mantenga presionada la tecla especificada mientras mueve el puntero. Al presionar la tecla, la direcci\'f3n de movimiento inicial del puntero determina la direcci\'f3n de movimiento mientras se mantiene presionado el TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Para recibir informaci\'f3n sobre las acciones de se\'f1alar, active la casilla \b Animado\b0 . El icono animado aparece en la barra de tareas de Windows. Haga doble clic en este icono para acceder a la ventana \b Propiedades del rat\'f3n\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Para conseguir un movimiento del puntero muy suave, seleccione la opci\'f3n de velocidad de actualizaci\'f3n del puntero \b R\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Si el puntero no se ve correctamente o parpadea en la pantalla, pruebe con la velocidad de actualizaci\'f3n del puntero \b Lenta\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
N\'famero de versi\'f3n del controlador de Synaptics TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Para obtener la \'faltima informaci\'f3n sobre las patentes de Synaptics, visite nuestro sitio Web en: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Modo dual\b0\par
La funci\'f3n Modo dual le permite cambiar del modo cursor al modo bot\'f3n. En el modo Botones, los botones virtuales que aparecen en la superficie del TouchPad proporcionan c\'f3modos accesos directos a las aplicaciones m\'e1s usadas. Adem\'e1s, este modo dispone de un control para subir o bajar el volumen de una forma r\'e1pida y sencilla.\par
\par
Para activar Modo dual, active la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Cambiar a modo Botones tocando en la esquina superior derecha\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el modo Botones:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Toque el \b bot\'f3n\b0  Cambiar modo. Este bot\'f3n se muestra en la esquina superior derecha del TouchPad encima del control de volumen.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Toque el bot\'f3n virtual de la aplicaci\'f3n que desee ejecutar. Al abrirse la aplicaci\'f3n, el TouchPad volver\'e1 autom\'e1ticamente al modo Cursor.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Nota: Si un dispositivo se\'f1alador externo, como un mouse, est\'e1\~conectado, podr\'e1 utilizar el modo Botones si activa la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Siempre en modo Botones cuando se conecta un dispositivo externo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
Opciones del modo Botones\par
Hay seis botones virtuales que pueden configurarse para ajustarse a las preferencias del usuario. Los tres botones virtuales superiores tienen una configuraci\'f3n predeterminada y los dem\'e1s no est\'e1n configurados. La configuraci\'f3n predeterminada para los botones virtuales es la siguiente:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior izquierdo abrir\'e1 la aplicaci\'f3n de correo electr\'f3nico asignada.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior del medio abrir\'e1 la aplicaci\'f3n ConfigFree. Si desea m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, consulte\~la ayuda en l\'ednea de Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior derecho enviar\'e1 a la impresora el elemento que se muestra en la ventana activa.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
Opciones del modo Botones\par
Hay seis botones virtuales que pueden configurarse para ajustarse a las preferencias del usuario. Cuatro de los botones virtuales superiores tienen una configuraci\'f3n predeterminada y los dem\'e1s no est\'e1n configurados. La configuraci\'f3n predeterminada para los botones virtuales es la siguiente:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior izquierdo abrir\'e1 la aplicaci\'f3n de correo electr\'f3nico asignada.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior central abrir\'e1 el explorador Web asignado.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior derecho abrir\'e1 la aplicaci\'f3n BeatJam. Si desea m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, consulte\~la ayuda en l\'ednea de Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual inferior izquierdo abrir\'e1 la ayuda en l\'ednea de Toshiba.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Comprobar bot\'f3n\b0  evita que se accionen los botones por contacto accidental. Permite que los botones reconozcan si la palma de la mano se ha apoyado en ellos o si ha rozado su superficie al escribir. De este modo se evita la activaci\'f3n no deseada del bot\'f3n.\par
\par
Si el bot\'f3n muestra una activaci\'f3n no deseada, incremente el valor de Comprobar bot\'f3n moviendo el deslizador hacia la derecha, hacia \b M\'e1ximo\b0 . Si el bot\'f3n no ejecuta activaciones deseadas, reduzca el valor de Comprobar bot\'f3n moviendo el deslizador hacia la izquierda, hacia \b M\'ednimo\b0 . Es m\'e1s probable que los botones no se ejecuten si el deslizador se coloca totalmente a la derecha.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Para configurar la acci\'f3n realizada cuando se toca un bot\'f3n, seleccione el bot\'f3n en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas. Por ejemplo, puede definir el Bot\'f3n 1 como "ir a una p\'e1gina web en el navegador predeterminado". Cada vez que toque el Bot\'f3n 1 se abrir\'e1 autom\'e1ticamente el navegador web y se cargar\'e1 la p\'e1gina especificada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Los ajustes de \b Sensibilidad\b0  permiten personalizar la forma en que el dispositivo responde al toque. Para ajustar los valores de Sensibilidad, seleccione un elemento en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas \b Sensibilidad\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Sensibilidad de toque\b0  permite ajustar qu\'e9 cantidad de presi\'f3n del dedo debe aplicarse para que responda el dispositivo.\par
\par
Si la respuesta del dispositivo es err\'e1tica, o si trabaja en un lugar muy h\'famedo, reduzca la sensibilidad moviendo el deslizador hacia la derecha, hacia \b Toque fuerte\b0 .\par
\par
Si tiene que pulsar fuerte para accionar el dispositivo, aumente la sensibilidad moviendo el deslizador hacia la izquierda, hacia \b Toque ligero\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n en la lista anterior para asignarla al bot\'f3n seleccionado. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se realizar\'e1 cada vez que toque el bot\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
La casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar sonidos\b0  permite reproducir un sonido configurable por el usuario cuando se toca un bot\'f3n.\par
Si la casilla \b Activar sonidos\b0  no est\'e1 marcada, los sonidos est\'e1n desactivados y no se reproducir\'e1 ning\'fan sonido cuando toque los botones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
La casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar iluminaci\'f3n\b0  permite iluminar los botones cuando est\'e1n inactivos y activos.\par
Si la casilla \b Activar iluminaci\'f3n\b0  no est\'e1 marcada, la iluminaci\'f3n est\'e1 desactivada y cuando toque los botones no cambiar\'e1 el brillo de los botones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Desactivar brillo\b0  permite ajustar el nivel de brillo de los botones cuando no se tocan.\par
Si el nivel de brillo de los botones es demasiado alto cuando no se tocan, mueva el deslizador hacia el valor \b M\'ednimo\b0 .\par
Si el nivel de brillo de los botones es demasiado bajo cuando no se tocan, mueva el deslizador hacia el valor \b M\'e1ximo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Activar brillo\b0  permite ajustar el nivel de brillo de los botones cuando se tocan.\par
Si el nivel de brillo de los botones es demasiado alto cuando se tocan, mueva el deslizador hacia el valor \b M\'ednimo\b0 .\par
Si el nivel de brillo de los botones es demasiado bajo cuando se tocan, mueva el deslizador hacia el valor \b M\'e1ximo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Opciones del modo Botones\b0\par
Puede configurar seis botones virtuales de acuerdo con sus preferencias. Los tres botones virtuales superiores tienen valores predeterminados y los otros no est\'e1n configurados. La configuraci\'f3n predeterminada de los botones virtuales configurados es la siguiente:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior izquierdo abre la aplicaci\'f3n de correo electr\'f3nico asignada.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior central abre la aplicaci\'f3n ConfigFree. Consulte la Ayuda en l\'ednea de Toshiba si desea informaci\'f3n adicional.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior derecho abre la Galer\'eda de fotograf\'edas de Windows.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Para configurar la acci\'f3n que se realiza al pasar el dedo sobre un deslizador, seleccione el deslizador en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas. Por ejemplo, puede definir el Deslizador 1 como "Ajustar el volumen del sistema". Cada vez que pase el dedo sobre el Deslizador 1, subir\'e1 o bajar\'e1 el volumen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
Seleccione un elemento del conjunto de acciones anteriores para asignarlo al deslizador seleccionado. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se realizar\'e1 cada vez que pase el dedo por el deslizador hacia arriba o hacia abajo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Ajustar velocidad de movimiento del puntero\b0\par
Este deslizador controla la velocidad del puntero. Puede elegir la velocidad del puntero ajustando el deslizador entre \b Lenta\b0  y \b R\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Opciones del modo Botones\b0\par
Puede configurar seis botones virtuales de acuerdo con sus preferencias. Los tres botones virtuales superiores tienen valores predeterminados y los otros no est\'e1n configurados. La configuraci\'f3n predeterminada de los botones virtuales configurados es la siguiente:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior izquierdo abre la aplicaci\'f3n de correo electr\'f3nico asignada.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Un toque en el bot\'f3n virtual superior central abre la aplicaci\'f3n ConfigFree. Consulte la Ayuda en l\'ednea de Toshiba si desea informaci\'f3n adicional.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Puntee el bot\'f3n virtual superior derecho para abrir la carpeta Mis im\'e1genes.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Barra de control\par
\par
La barra de control le permite configurar botones para iniciar sus aplicaciones favoritas. Puede personalizar el aspecto de la barra de control mediante la configuraci\'f3n de la iluminaci\'f3n, el tiempo de apagado y la sensibilidad de toque. La barra de control tambi\'e9n permite acceder f\'e1cilmente al control de volumen para los efectos de sonido del software.\par
\par
Seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar\b0  para activar la barra de control. Si no desea utilizar la barra de control puede seleccionar la opci\'f3n \b Desactivar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
Iluminaci\'f3n LED\par
\par
Puede utilizar el deslizador \b Iluminaci\'f3n LED\b0  para ajustar el brillo de los LED de la barra de control.\par
\par
Para aumentar el brillo, mueva el deslizador hacia la derecha, hacia \b Brillante\b0 .\par
\par
Para reducir el brillo, mu\'e9valo hacia la izquierda, hacia \b Tenue\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Velocidad de apagado\par
\par
Puede utilizar el deslizador \b Velocidad de apagado\b0  para definir con qu\'e9 velocidad se apagan los LED de la barra de control despu\'e9s de tocarla y de levantar el dedo de ella.\par
\par
Para que se apague lentamente, mueva el deslizador hacia la derecha, hacia \b Lenta\b0 .\par
\par
Para que se apague r\'e1pidamente, mu\'e9valo hacia la izquierda, hacia \b R\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Sensibilidad de toque\par
\par
El deslizador \b Sensibilidad de toque\b0  le permite ajustar la presi\'f3n del dedo que debe aplicar para que la barra de control responda al toque.\par
\par
Si la barra de control no responde al toque o si debe pulsar fuerte para que responda, aumente la sensibilidad moviendo el deslizador hacia la izquierda, hacia \b Ligero\b0 .\par
\par
Si acciona la barra de control accidentalmente con un toque ligero, reduzca su sensibilidad moviendo el deslizador hacia la derecha, hacia \b Fuerte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Efectos de sonido\par
\par
Para asignar un efecto de sonido a una acci\'f3n espec\'edfica, introduzca un archivo de sonido o busque y seleccione un archivo de sonido.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volumen\par
\par
El deslizador \b Volumen\b0  permite controlar f\'e1cilmente el volumen de los efectos de sonido.\par
\par
Para subir el volumen, mueva el deslizador hacia la derecha, hacia \b Alto\b0 .\par
\par
Para bajar el volumen, mueva el deslizador hacia la izquierda, hacia \b Silencio\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Aplicaciones\par
\par
Para asignar un bot\'f3n para que inicie una aplicaci\'f3n, introduzca un archivo ejecutable o busque y seleccione la aplicaci\'f3n que desea iniciar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Zona de desactivaci\'f3n del TouchPad\b0  le permite activar o desactivar el TouchPad tocando la esquina y manteniendo el dedo en ella un momento.\par
Si el TouchPad est\'e1 activado, toque la esquina para desactivarlo. Si el TouchPad est\'e1 desactivado, toque la esquina para activarlo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Tiempo m\'ednimo de toque\b0  le permite cambiar la cantidad de tiempo que debe tocar la esquina para activar o desactivar el TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Desplazamiento virtual ofrece una alternativa innovadora a los m\'e9todos de desplazamiento convencionales. Desplazamiento virtual gestiona autom\'e1ticamente las barras de desplazamiento para evitar que tenga que alejar el puntero del trabajo.\par
\par
Desplazamiento virtual funciona con la mayor\'eda de las ventanas desplazables, como documentos de procesamiento de texto, hojas de c\'e1lculo e im\'e1genes digitales grandes. Tambi\'e9n funciona con otros elementos desplazables, como listas de archivos y de fuentes.\par
\par
El desplazamiento ChiralMotion, un tipo exclusivo de Desplazamiento virtual, le permite desplazarse continuamente con un movimiento circular suave. La velocidad de desplazamiento depende de la velocidad del movimiento del dedo. Para desplazarse r\'e1pidamente, trace c\'edrculos peque\'f1os y r\'e1pidos. Para desplazarse lentamente, trace c\'edrculos amplios y mueva el dedo lentamente. La direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento puede invertirse cambiando la direcci\'f3n del movimiento.\par
\par
Para utilizar Desplazamiento vertical:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o el elemento que desea desplazar.\par
3.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo por el borde derecho del TouchPad en la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento deseada.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar ChiralMotion para desplazarse verticalmente:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione las casillas de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0  y \b Activar desplazamiento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o el elemento que desea desplazar.\par
3.\tab Coloque el dedo sobre el TouchPad cerca del centro del borde derecho.\par
4.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo en la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento deseada y, a continuaci\'f3n, comience a realizar un movimiento circular. El dedo puede desplazarse hacia el centro del TouchPad mientras realiza un movimiento en el sentido horario o antihorario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar desplazamiento horizontal:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o el elemento que desea desplazar.\par
3.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia la izquierda o la derecha por el borde inferior del TouchPad en la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento deseada.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar ChiralMotion para desplazarse horizontalmente:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione las casillas de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0  y \b Activar desplazamiento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o el elemento que desea desplazar.\par
3.\tab Coloque el dedo sobre el TouchPad cerca del centro del borde inferior.\par
4.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia la izquierda o la derecha en la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento deseada y, a continuaci\'f3n, comience a realizar un movimiento circular. El dedo puede desplazarse hacia el centro del TouchPad mientras realiza un movimiento en el sentido horario o antihorario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si Desplazamiento virtual no responde, compruebe que est\'e1n seleccionadas las casillas de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento\b0  deseadas y que la ventana o el elemento en el que ha hecho clic es desplazable. Si sigue teniendo problemas, compruebe la configuraci\'f3n de \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Impulso\b0  proporciona un movimiento suave y r\'e1pido similar al que se obtiene con la bola de seguimiento del rat\'f3n. Una pasada r\'e1pida del dedo sobre la superficie del TouchPad puede mover el cursor por toda la pantalla del ordenador. Esta funci\'f3n reduce el movimiento repetitivo y la fatiga que suelen producirse al mover el cursor largas distancias, al tiempo que proporciona una sensaci\'f3n suave y natural similar a la de la bola de seguimiento del rat\'f3n. La funci\'f3n Impulso es ideal para juegos de estrategia en tiempo real (RTS), de acci\'f3n en primera persona (FPS) y de rol (RPG).\par
\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar Impulso\b0  para utilizar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
El deslizador \b Distancia de desplazamiento\b0  le permite ajustar el espacio que recorre el cursor en respuesta a una pasada del dedo sobre el TouchPad. Para detener el cursor, coloque el dedo sobre el TouchPad. Tambi\'e9n puede parar el cursor con un toque sobre el TouchPad.\par
\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar rebote en borde de pantalla\b0  para mantener el cursor dentro de los l\'edmites de la pantalla del ordenador. La funci\'f3n de rebote en el borde de la pantalla permite acceder f\'e1cilmente a las opciones del men\'fa y controla que se encuentren dentro de los bordes de la pantalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
El gesto de pellizco proporciona funciones de zoom en muchas aplicaciones. El gesto de pellizco puede servir para realizar la misma funci\'f3n que una rueda de desplazamiento en aplicaciones est\'e1ndar de Windows que admiten las funciones de zoom de CTRL-RUEDA DE DESPLAZAMIENTO.\par
\par
Para realizar un gesto de pellizco, coloque dos dedos sobre la superficie del TouchPad. J\'fantelos o sep\'e1relos. Para acercar, coloque los dedos sobre la superficie del TouchPad uno cerca del otro y, a continuaci\'f3n, sep\'e1relos. Para alejar, comience colocando los dedos separados y luego j\'fantelos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
El desplazamiento ChiralMotion con dos dedos ofrece una alternativa innovadora a los m\'e9todos de desplazamiento convencionales. Puede desplazarse hacia arriba o hacia abajo colocando simplemente dos dedos sobre el TouchPad y realizando un movimiento circular. No es necesario que mantenga los dos dedos sobre el TouchPad cuando comienza el desplazamiento. El desplazamiento continuar\'e1 siempre que permanezca un dedo sobre la superficie del TouchPad realizando un movimiento circular.\par
\par
La velocidad del dedo controla la velocidad de desplazamiento. Para desplazarse r\'e1pidamente, trace peque\'f1os c\'edrculos y mueva el dedo r\'e1pidamente. Para desplazarse lentamente, trace c\'edrculos amplios y mueva el dedo lentamente. La direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento puede invertirse cambiando la direcci\'f3n del movimiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
Un \b gesto avanzado\b0  es una acci\'f3n realizada por el usuario en un sensor TouchPad de Synaptics reconocida por el dispositivo, que ejecuta una funci\'f3n especificada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
Un gesto de \b pasada r\'e1pida\b0  consiste en colocar dos dedos en la superficie del TouchPad, ligeramente separados, deslizarlos a trav\'e9s del TouchPad con un movimiento recto y continuo, y levantarlos de la superficie del TouchPad al final. La acci\'f3n iniciada por el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida depende de cada aplicaci\'f3n; por ejemplo, en Internet Explorer, hacer clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo equivale a la funci\'f3n "Atr\'e1s".\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
El gesto \b ChiralRotate\b0  gira el objeto seleccionado en incrementos de 90 grados, bien en el sentido de las agujas del reloj, o en el contrario. El gesto ChiralRotate funciona s\'f3lo con aplicaciones compatibles.\par
\par
Para iniciar gesto ChiralRotate, coloque un dedo en el lateral vertical izquierdo del TouchPad y mu\'e9valo describiendo una trayectoria circular. Si la aplicaci\'f3n es compatible, el objeto seleccionado se girar\'e1 en incrementos de 90 grados.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pellizco\b0  para habilitar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar ChiralRotate\b0  para habilitar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pasada r\'e1pida\b0  para habilitar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Para ver una demostraci\'f3n sobre el uso del gesto de pellizco, seleccione el bot\'f3n \b Ver v\'eddeo\b0 , debajo de la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pellizco\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Para ver una demostraci\'f3n sobre el uso del gesto ChiralRotate, seleccione el bot\'f3n \b Ver v\'eddeo\b0 , debajo de la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Para ver una demostraci\'f3n sobre el uso del gesto de pasada r\'e1pida, seleccione el bot\'f3n \b Ver v\'eddeo\b0 , debajo de la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pasada r\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Para ver una demostraci\'f3n sobre el uso del gesto de velocidad, seleccione el bot\'f3n \b Ver v\'eddeo\b0  debajo de la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar Impulso\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
\par
El desplazamiento virtual es una alternativa innovadora a los m\'e9todos de desplazamiento convencionales. El desplazamiento virtual act\'faa sobre las barras de desplazamiento autom\'e1ticamente, por lo que no hay necesidad de separar el puntero del trabajo.\par
\par
El desplazamiento virtual funciona en la mayor\'eda de ventanas desplazables, como documentos de procesamiento de texto, hojas de c\'e1lculo o im\'e1genes digitales de gran tama\'f1o. Tambi\'e9n funciona con otros elementos desplazables, como listas de archivos o de fuentes.\par
\par
Dentro del desplazamiento virtual, el desplazamiento lineal permite al usuario desplazarse de forma convencional.\par
\par
El desplazamiento ChiralMotion, un tipo exclusivo del desplazamiento virtual, permite al usuario desplazarse de forma continua con un movimiento suave circular. La velocidad del desplazamiento se controla con la velocidad del movimiento del dedo. Para desplazarse r\'e1pidamente, describa c\'edrculos peque\'f1os y r\'e1pidos. Para desplazarse lentamente, describa c\'edrculos grandes y mueva el dedo lentamente. Es posible invertir la direcci\'f3n del desplazamiento cambiando la direcci\'f3n del movimiento.\par
\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento lineal vertical:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en el icono \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  o haga doble clic en \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Desplazamiento largo\b0 .\par
4.\tab Haga clic en el bot\'f3n de selecci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento lineal\b0 .\par
5.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar.\par
6.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad en la direcci\'f3n en que quiera desplazarse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar ChiralMotion en desplazamiento vertical:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en el icono \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  o haga doble clic en \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Desplazamiento largo\b0 .\par
4.\tab Haga clic en el bot\'f3n de selecci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar.\par
6.\tab Coloque el dedo en el TouchPad, cerca del centro del borde derecho.\par
7.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo en la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento deseada y, a continuaci\'f3n, comience a realizar un movimiento circular. El dedo puede dirigirse hacia el centro del TouchPad mientras realiza un movimiento en el sentido de las agujas del reloj o en sentido contrario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento lineal horizontal:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en el icono \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  o haga doble clic en \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Desplazamiento largo\b0 .\par
4.\tab Haga clic en el bot\'f3n de selecci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento lineal\b0 .\par
5.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar.\par
6.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia la izquierda o la derecha del borde inferior del TouchPad en la direcci\'f3n en que quiera desplazarse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar ChiralMotion en desplazamiento horizontal:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0 .\par
2.\tab Haga clic en el icono \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0  o haga doble clic en \b Desplazamiento virtual\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione \b Desplazamiento largo\b0 .\par
4.\tab Haga clic en el bot\'f3n de selecci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar.\par
6.\tab Coloque el dedo en el TouchPad, cerca del centro del borde inferior.\par
7.\tab Deslice el dedo a izquierda o derecha en la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento deseada y, a continuaci\'f3n, comience a realizar un movimiento circular. El dedo puede dirigirse hacia el centro del TouchPad mientras realiza un movimiento en el sentido de las agujas del reloj o en sentido contrario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si el desplazamiento virtual no responde, compruebe que las casillas de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar desplazamiento\b0  correspondientes est\'e1n seleccionadas y que la ventana o el elemento en cuesti\'f3n puede desplazarse. Si sigue teniendo problemas, revise la configuraci\'f3n de \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Para ver una demostraci\'f3n sobre c\'f3mo utilizar el desplazamiento virtual, seleccione el bot\'f3n \b Ver v\'eddeo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Para ver una demostraci\'f3n sobre el uso del gesto de \b Pasada r\'e1pida\b0 , seleccione el bot\'f3n \b Ver v\'eddeo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Para utilizar los gestos de pasada vertical, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar pasada r\'e1pida vertical\b0 . Coloque dos dedos en el TouchPad, ligeramente separados, y desl\'edcelos hacia arriba o hacia abajo. Cuando termine, lev\'e1ntelos para realizar una funci\'f3n espec\'edfica de la aplicaci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Para utilizar los gestos de pasada horizontal, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar pasada r\'e1pida horizontal\b0 . Coloque dos dedos en el TouchPad, ligeramente separados, y desl\'edcelos hacia la derecha o la izquierda. Cuando termine, lev\'e1ntelos para realizar una funci\'f3n espec\'edfica de la aplicaci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Mostrar v\'eddeo\b0  para ver una demostraci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
Desde esta ventana de \b propiedades\b0  es posible personalizar la configuraci\'f3n del dispositivo se\'f1alador. Utilice el \'e1rbol de men\'fas situado a la izquierda para acceder a las funciones personalizables. Estas incluyen opciones de desplazamiento y de puntero con dedo, adem\'e1s de gestos con varios dedos para manipular documentos, objetos y aplicaciones.\par
\par
\b Uso de la ventana de propiedades \b0\par
Haga clic en una funci\'f3n del \'e1rbol de men\'fas para ver una p\'e1gina con la descripci\'f3n y la configuraci\'f3n de dicha funci\'f3n. Algunas funciones tienen varias p\'e1ginas de configuraci\'f3n. Haga clic en el signo + situado junto a cada funci\'f3n para ver todas sus p\'e1ginas relacionadas. La configuraci\'f3n aparece en la ventana situada a la derecha del \'e1rbol de men\'fas. La informaci\'f3n de las opciones y las instrucciones para modificarlas aparecen en este cuadro de informaci\'f3n. Puede utilizar la barra de desplazamiento para ver el contenido del cuadro de informaci\'f3n.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Predeterminado \b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Predeterminado\b0  restaura toda la configuraci\'f3n de la p\'e1gina activa con los valores predefinidos de f\'e1brica.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aceptar \b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Aceptar\b0  guarda los cambios realizados y cierra la ventana de propiedades.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Cancelar \b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Cancelar\b0  cierra la ventana de propiedades sin guardar ning\'fan cambio y restaura la configuraci\'f3n previa.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aplicar \b0\par
El bot\'f3n \b Aplicar\b0  guarda los cambios realizados pero mantiene la ventana de propiedades abierta para poder hacer m\'e1s modificaciones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Las p\'e1ginas de configuraci\'f3n de \b puntero\b0  permiten especificar el modo en que el cursor responde a las acciones de puntero y de selecci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar impulso\b0  para utilizar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n de \b movimiento limitado\b0  permite forzar el movimiento puramente horizontal o vertical del puntero en la pantalla. Esta funci\'f3n resulta \'fatil si se usan programas de dibujo. Puede activar el movimiento limitado manteniendo presionada una tecla concreta mientras mueve el puntero. Al pulsar la tecla, la direcci\'f3n inicial del puntero determina la direcci\'f3n permitida del movimiento mientras el dedo permanezca sobre el TouchPad.\par
\par
Para utilizar el movimiento limitado:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n Activar movimiento limitado para activar las opciones del cuadro de lista.\par
2.\tab Elija una tecla en el cuadro de lista para activar el movimiento limitado.\par
3.\tab Mantenga presionada la tecla seleccionada cuando quiera limitar el movimiento del puntero.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento \b0\par
Las funciones de desplazamiento permiten utilizar las barras de desplazamiento de la ventana seleccionada autom\'e1ticamente; no es necesario desplazar el puntero del \'e1rea de trabajo. Las funciones de desplazamiento son compatibles con la mayor\'eda de ventanas con desplazamiento, como documentos, hojas de c\'e1lculo, im\'e1genes digitales de gran tama\'f1o y otros elementos que no caben en la pantalla, como listas de archivos o de fuentes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento inverso \b0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Invertir direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0  permite cambiar el comportamiento habitual del desplazamiento. El desplazamiento habitual mueve la barra de desplazamiento en la direcci\'f3n de movimiento del dedo. La funci\'f3n Invertir direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento mueve el documento o el objeto en la direcci\'f3n del movimiento del dedo.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar Invertir direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
El control deslizante \b Velocidad de desplazamiento\b0  permite ajustar la velocidad del desplazamiento. Arrastre el control deslizante hacia la derecha para acelerar el desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
La funci\'f3n ChiralScrolling\'99 permite desplazarse de forma continua con un movimiento suave y circular. La velocidad de desplazamiento se controla con la velocidad del dedo.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar ChiralScrolling.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la zona de \i destino\i0 . Para desplazarse hacia arriba o hacia abajo, la zona de destino se encuentra a la derecha del TouchPad. Para desplazarse hacia la izquierda o la derecha, la zona de destino se encuentra en la parte inferior del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Mueva el dedo en la direcci\'f3n en la que quiera desplazarse y, a continuaci\'f3n, empiece a mover el dedo describiendo c\'edrculos en sentido horario o antihorario. Una vez iniciada la funci\'f3n ChiralScrolling, el dedo puede ir a cualquier posici\'f3n de la superficie del TouchPad mientras sigue describiendo c\'edrculos.\par
\par
\tab NOTA: Para cambiar la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento, basta con invertir la direcci\'f3n del movimiento del dedo. Empezar\'e1 a desplazarse en la direcci\'f3n contraria.\par
\par
3.\tab Para detener el desplazamiento y volver al modo de puntero, separe el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento con un dedo \b0\par
Es posible desplazarse horizontal y verticalmente.\par
\par
Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar y deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad para desplazarse verticalmente. Deslice el dedo hacia la izquierda o la derecha en la parte inferior del TouchPad para desplazarse horizontalmente.\par
\par
Si el desplazamiento no responde, aseg\'farese de que ha seleccionado la casilla de verificaci\'f3n correspondiente y de que la ventana o el elemento que ha seleccionado admite la funci\'f3n de desplazamiento. Si sigue teniendo problemas, revise la configuraci\'f3n de \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
El diagrama anterior representa la superficie del TouchPad. La zona sombreada del diagrama muestra las regiones de desplazamiento de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Al colocar el dedo sobre el TouchPad, aparecen flechas en los bordes del diagrama del TouchPad para mostrar la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo est\'e1 en una zona activa del TouchPad, la zona de desplazamiento correspondiente del diagrama pasa a tener un color s\'f3lido. Puede aumentar o reducir las regiones de desplazamiento arrastrando uno de los cuadrados peque\'f1os de las esquinas de la zona sombreada.\par
\par
Si el desplazamiento es demasiado r\'edgido, pruebe a hacer la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento m\'e1s grande moviendo las esquinas de la zona sombreada hacia dentro. Si el desplazamiento es demasiado libre, intente reducir la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento.\par
\par
Si las regiones de desplazamiento aparecen en gris y no se pueden ajustar, aseg\'farese de que la funci\'f3n de desplazamiento est\'e1 activada.\par
\par
Para activar el desplazamiento:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione \b Desplazamiento\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas situado a la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Seleccione el m\'e9todo de desplazamiento que desee y habilite el desplazamiento vertical u horizontal.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento horizontal \b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento horizontal en ventanas con barras de desplazamiento horizontal. Al deslizar el dedo de izquierda a derecha en la parte inferior del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento se desplaza horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento vertical \b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento vertical. Al deslizar el dedo de arriba abajo en la parte derecha del TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento se desplaza verticalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento con dos dedos \b0\par
La funci\'f3n de desplazamiento con dos dedos permite desplazarse vertical u horizontalmente. Adem\'e1s, el desplazamiento se inicia desde cualquier de la superficie del TouchPad. Basta con colocar dos dedos sobre el TouchPad y deslizarlos en la direcci\'f3n deseada. No es necesario que est\'e9n en una regi\'f3n de desplazamiento.\par
\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento con dos dedos:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque dos dedos en la superficie del TouchPad. Los dedos deben estar ligeramente separados.\par
2.\tab Describiendo un movimiento recto y continuo, deslice los dos dedos en la direcci\'f3n que desee.\par
3.\tab Sep\'e1relos a la vez de la superficie del TouchPad para detener el desplazamiento.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento horizontal \b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento horizontal en ventanas con barras de desplazamiento horizontal. Al deslizar dos dedos a la izquierda o a la derecha en el TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento vertical \b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento vertical. Al deslizar dos dedos hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el TouchPad, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza verticalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n de \b desplazamiento por inercia\b0  permite desplazarse f\'e1cilmente en documentos extensos. Con el desplazamiento por inercia, el desplazamiento continua una vez separado el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad. Para utilizar el desplazamiento con inercia, mueva el dedo describiendo un movimiento suave y despu\'e9s lev\'e1ntelo. Para detener el movimiento de desplazamiento por con inercia, vuelva a colocar el dedo en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Zoom de pellizco \b0\par
El gesto de zoom de pellizco permite utilizar la funci\'f3n de zoom en muchas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de zoom de pellizco para realizar las mismas funciones que la rueda de desplazamiento de las aplicaciones de Windows est\'e1ndar compatibles con la funcionalidad de zoom CTRL-RUEDA DE DESPLAZAMIENTO.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar zoom de pellizco.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar un gesto de zoom de pellizco:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque dos dedos en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Separe los dedos desliz\'e1ndolos para acercarse y ac\'e9rquelos desliz\'e1ndolos para alejarse. Para obtener los mejores resultados, utilice las puntas de los dedos al describir este movimiento.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
Las funciones de \b giro\b0  permiten utilizar gestos para girar fotograf\'edas y otros objetos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Pulsaci\'f3n con tres dedos \b0\par
El gesto de pulsaci\'f3n con tres dedos permite iniciar directamente las aplicaciones predefinidas.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pulsaci\'f3n con &tres dedos.\b0  Para personalizar las aplicaciones que se inician con este gesto, haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar la funci\'f3n de pulsaci\'f3n con tres dedos:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos en la superficie del TouchPad. Deje un poco de espacio entre los dedos: es importante.\par
2.\tab Mantenga los dedos en contacto con la superficie hasta que comiencen a iniciarse las aplicaciones correspondientes.\par
3.\tab Separe los dedos de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos \b0\par
\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos para navegar por Internet o para recorrer las fotos de una ventana de visor de fotograf\'edas. Tambi\'e9n puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos para acceder al modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas para salir de \'e9l.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos en la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos ligeramente separados sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haga pasadas r\'e1pidas con los dedos describiendo un movimiento continuo y circular en la direcci\'f3n que desee. Mu\'e9vase de un lado del TouchPad al lado opuesto.\par
3.\tab Si describe un movimiento horizontal, al deslizar los dedos a la derecha o a la izquierda, la p\'e1gina avanza o retrocede en un visor de fotograf\'edas o en una ventana de Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos en el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas, deslice los dedos en vertical. Deslice los dedos hacia arriba para iniciar el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas. Deslice los dedos hacia abajo para salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Palma \b0\par
El gesto de palma permite despejar el escritorio minimizando todas las ventanas abiertas. Si repite este gesto, las ventanas se restauran.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar palma.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de palma:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque el pulgar en tensi\'f3n hacia arriba en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Mantenga la mano quieta hasta que se minimicen o se restauren las ventanas del escritorio.\par
3.\tab Levante la mano del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Pr\'e1ctica de desplazamiento \b0\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Practicar\b0  para ejecutar el tutorial sobre desplazamiento. Un laberinto sencillo le ayudar\'e1 a aprender a utilizar el desplazamiento.\par
\par
Analice el laberinto hasta que empiece a ubicar los puntos de salida y de llegada. No puede ver todo el laberinto porque es m\'e1s grande que la ventana que lo muestra. Despl\'e1cese para mover la vista del laberinto en la pantalla. Mantenga presionada la tecla Ctrl y utilice el desplazamiento para cambiar el tama\'f1o del laberinto.\par
\par
Un punto amarillo situado en la esquina superior izquierda del laberinto indica la entrada. Un punto azul situado a la derecha en el laberinto indica la salida.\par
\par
Para practicar el desplazamiento:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Haga clic en el cuadrado rojo del punto amarillo para comenzar.\par
2.\tab Utilice las teclas de flecha o pulse el TouchPad para desplazarse por el laberinto.\par
3.\tab Utilice el m\'e9todo de desplazamiento que desee para mover la vista del laberinto.\par
4.\tab Haga clic en el bot\'f3n Cerrar de la ventana de pr\'e1ctica de desplazamiento cuando logre llegar al punto azul de la esquina inferior derecha.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b Gesto M de HP MediaSmart \b0\par
La aplicaci\'f3n HP MediaSmart se puede iniciar con un gesto en forma de M en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar gesto M de HP MediaSmart.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar este gesto:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Toque con dos dedos la superficie del TouchPad e, inmediatamente despu\'e9s, d\'e9jelos fijos en la superficie.\par
2.\tab Deslice los dedos para escribir una \i M\i0  grande.\par
3.\tab La aplicaci\'f3n HP MediaSmart se iniciar\'e1.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Las funciones de \b mejora de puntero\b0  permiten especificar el comportamiento del cursor al mover el puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Los gestos de aplicaci\'f3n permiten acceder r\'e1pidamente a las funciones o aplicaciones utilizadas con m\'e1s frecuencia. La respuesta del ordenador ante estos gestos puede depender de la aplicaci\'f3n correspondiente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 se ha dise\'f1ado para simplificar los movimientos de puntero de mucho recorrido. Cuando el dedo llega al borde del TouchPad, el puntero sigue desplaz\'e1ndose en la misma direcci\'f3n hasta que se levanta. Seleccione una de las opciones de EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Las funciones de desplazamiento tambi\'e9n son compatibles con EdgeMotion. Para utilizar EdgeMotion durante el desplazamiento, seleccione \b Activar movimiento de borde al desplazarse\b0  en \b Desplazamiento con un dedo\b0  o \b Desplazamiento con dos dedos\b0  en \b Desplazamiento\b0  en el \'e1rbol de men\'fas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar movimiento de borde al desplazarse\b0  si quiere que el desplazamiento no se detenga cuando los dedos lleguen al borde del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de \b sensibilidad\b0  permite personalizar el modo en que el TouchPad responde a los toques de los dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n de \b desplazamiento por inercia\b0  permite desplazarse f\'e1cilmente en documentos extensos. Con el desplazamiento por inercia, el desplazamiento continua una vez separado el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad. Para utilizar el desplazamiento con inercia, mueva el dedo describiendo un movimiento suave y despu\'e9s lev\'e1ntelo. Para detener el movimiento de desplazamiento por con inercia, vuelva a colocar el dedo en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Pivotar con giro \b0\par
El gesto Pivotar con giro permite girar objetos, como fotograf\'edas, archivos PDF u otros objetos seleccionados en incrementos de 90 grados.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar Pivotar con giro.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar un gesto de pivotar con giro:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la esquina inferior izquierda del TouchPad y d\'e9jelo ah\'ed.\par
2.\tab Coloque otro dedo cerca del centro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Deslice el segundo dedo en movimiento circular alrededor del primer dedo. Aseg\'farese de que el espacio entre los dos dedos no var\'eda al realizar el movimiento circular. Deslice el dedo en el sentido horario o antihorario para girar el objeto en la direcci\'f3n deseada.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Pivotar esquina derecha \b0\par
Para utilizar la funci\'f3n Pivotar con giro en la esquina inferior derecha del TouchPad, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Pivotar esquina derecha.\b0  Si realiza este gesto con la mano izquierda, lo m\'e1s c\'f3modo es utilizar la esquina derecha del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
El gesto ChiralRotate\'99 gira el objeto seleccionado en incrementos de 90 grados.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n Habilitar ChiralRotate. Tenga en cuenta que el gesto ChiralRotate s\'f3lo funciona con determinadas aplicaciones compatibles.\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto ChiralRotate:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la zona de destino izquierda del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo y empiece a describir un movimiento circular. Para girar el objeto en sentido horario, mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos en sentido horario. Para girar el objeto en sentido antihorario, mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos en sentido antihorario.\par
3.\tab Levante el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad para volver al modo de puntero.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b Desactivar TouchPad \b0\par
\par
Si no quiere utilizar el TouchPad, puede desactivarlo. Coloque un dedo en la esquina superior izquierda del TouchPad y d\'e9jelo quieto un momento. El TouchPad quedar\'e1 desactivado. El icono del TouchPad de la barra de tareas cambiar\'e1 para indicar que el TouchPad no est\'e1 disponible.\par
\par
Para volver a activar el TouchPad, toque de nuevo la esquina superior izquierda. El icono de la barra de tareas volver\'e1 a su estado activo.\par
\par
Para especificar el tiempo que el TouchPad permanecer\'e1 desactivado, seleccione la opci\'f3n correspondiente.\par
\par
La opci\'f3n \b Desactivar TouchPad\b0  mantiene el TouchPad desactivado hasta que se vuelve a restaurar tocando la esquina superior izquierda.\par
\b La opci\'f3n Desactivar TouchPad para una sesi\'f3n\b0  desactiva el TouchPad durante una sesi\'f3n. El TouchPad se restaura autom\'e1ticamente la pr\'f3xima vez que inicie sesi\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos \b0\par
\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos para navegar por Internet o para recorrer las fotos de una ventana de visor de fotograf\'edas. Tambi\'e9n puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos para acceder al modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas para salir de \'e9l.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos en la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque dos dedos ligeramente separados sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haga pasadas r\'e1pidas con los dedos describiendo un movimiento continuo y circular en la direcci\'f3n que desee. Mu\'e9vase de un lado del TouchPad al lado opuesto.\par
3.\tab Si describe un movimiento horizontal, al deslizar los dedos a la derecha o a la izquierda, la p\'e1gina avanza o retrocede en un visor de fotograf\'edas o en una ventana de Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos en el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas, deslice los dedos en vertical. Deslice los dedos hacia arriba para iniciar el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas. Deslice los dedos hacia abajo para salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos \b0\par
\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos para navegar por Internet o para recorrer las fotos de una ventana de visor de fotograf\'edas.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con dos dedos.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos en la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque dos dedos ligeramente separados sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haga pasadas r\'e1pidas en horizontal con los dedos describiendo un movimiento continuo y recto en la direcci\'f3n que desee. Mu\'e9vase de un lado del TouchPad al lado opuesto.\par
3.\tab Al deslizar los dedos a la derecha o a la izquierda, la p\'e1gina avanza o retrocede en un visor de fotograf\'edas o en una ventana de Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos \b0\par
\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos para acceder al modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas para salir de \'e9l.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Habilitar pasada r\'e1pida vertical con dos dedos.\b0\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con dos dedos en la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque dos dedos ligeramente separados sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Deslice los dedos en vertical describiendo un movimiento continuo y recto en la direcci\'f3n que desee.\par
3.\tab Deslice los dedos hacia arriba para activar el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas o hacia abajo para salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con tres dedos \b0\par
\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con tres dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con tres dedos para navegar por Internet o para recorrer las fotos de una ventana de visor de fotograf\'edas.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con tres dedos\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con tres dedos para la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos ligeramente separados sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haga pasadas r\'e1pidas en horizontal con los dedos describiendo un movimiento continuo y recto en la direcci\'f3n que desee. Mu\'e9vase de un lado del TouchPad al lado opuesto.\par
3.\tab Al deslizar los dedos a la derecha o a la izquierda, la p\'e1gina avanza o retrocede en un visor de fotograf\'edas o en una ventana de Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida vertical con tres dedos \b0\par
\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida vertical con tres dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida vertical con tres dedos para acceder al modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas para salir de \'e9l.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pasada r\'e1pida vertical con tres dedos\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida vertical con tres dedos para la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos ligeramente separados sobre la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Deslice los dedos en vertical describiendo un movimiento continuo y recto en la direcci\'f3n que desee.\par
3.\tab Deslice los dedos hacia arriba para activar el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas o hacia abajo para salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento circular \b0\par
La funci\'f3n Desplazamiento circular permite desplazarse de forma continua con un movimiento suave y circular. La velocidad de desplazamiento se controla con la velocidad del dedo.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar desplazamiento circular\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento circular:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la zona de \i destino\i0 . Para desplazarse hacia arriba o hacia abajo, la zona de destino se encuentra en el borde derecho del TouchPad. Para desplazarse hacia la izquierda o la derecha, la zona de destino se encuentra en la parte inferior del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Deslice el dedo en la direcci\'f3n en la que quiera desplazarse y, a continuaci\'f3n, empiece a mover el dedo describiendo c\'edrculos en sentido horario o antihorario. Una vez iniciado el desplazamiento circular, el dedo puede ir a cualquier posici\'f3n de la superficie del TouchPad mientras sigue describiendo c\'edrculos.\par
\par
\tab NOTA: Para cambiar la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento, basta con invertir la direcci\'f3n del movimiento del dedo. Empezar\'e1 a desplazarse en la direcci\'f3n contraria.\par
\par
3.\tab Para detener el desplazamiento y volver al modo de puntero, separe el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Desplazamiento autom\'e1tico\b0  le ayuda a desplazarse f\'e1cilmente por documentos extensos con una sola acci\'f3n del dedo. El desplazamiento contin\'faa una vez separado el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Para utilizar el desplazamiento autom\'e1tico:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar.\par
2.\tab Deslice un dedo en la zona de desplazamiento del TouchPad en la direcci\'f3n en la que quiera desplazarse. Para desplazarse hacia arriba o hacia abajo, la zona de desplazamiento es el borde derecho. Para desplazarse hacia la izquierda o la derecha, la zona de desplazamiento es el borde inferior.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si la funci\'f3n Desplazamiento autom\'e1tico no responde, verifique la configuraci\'f3n de \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0 . Si sigue teniendo problemas con la funci\'f3n Desplazamiento autom\'e1tico, aseg\'farese de que la ventana o el elemento que ha seleccionado admite desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
Las funciones \b Giro\b0  permiten utilizar gestos para girar fotograf\'edas y otros objetos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Gesto Mis favoritos \b0\par
El gesto Mis favoritos permite iniciar directamente las aplicaciones predefinidas.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar gesto Mis favoritos\b0 . Para personalizar las aplicaciones que se inician con este gesto, haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar este gesto:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos en la superficie del TouchPad. Deje un poco de espacio entre los dedos: es importante.\par
2.\tab Mantenga los dedos en contacto con la superficie hasta que comiencen a iniciarse las aplicaciones correspondientes.\par
3.\tab Separe los dedos de la superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida \b0\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida para navegar por Internet o para recorrer las fotos de una ventana de visor de fotograf\'edas. Tambi\'e9n puede utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida para acceder al modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas para salir de \'e9l.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar pasada r\'e1pida\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida en la navegaci\'f3n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos en la superficie del TouchPad. Deje un poco de espacio entre los dedos: es importante\par
2.\tab Haga pasadas r\'e1pidas con los dedos describiendo un movimiento continuo y circular en la direcci\'f3n que desee. Mu\'e9vase de un lado del TouchPad al lado opuesto.\par
3.\tab Si describe un movimiento horizontal, al deslizar los dedos a la derecha o a la izquierda, la p\'e1gina avanza o retrocede en un visor de fotograf\'edas o en una ventana de Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Para utilizar el gesto de pasada r\'e1pida en el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Deslice los dedos hacia arriba para iniciar el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
2.\tab Deslice los dedos hacia abajo para salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Gesto Minimizar todo \b0\par
El gesto Minimizar todo permite despejar el escritorio minimizando todas las ventanas abiertas. Si repite este gesto, las ventanas se restauran.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar gesto Minimizar todo\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto Minimizar todo:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque el pulgar \i en tensi\'f3n \i0 hacia arriba en la superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Mantenga la mano quieta hasta que se minimicen o se restauren las ventanas del escritorio.\par
3.\tab Levante la mano del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoom de zona \b0\par
Con la funci\'f3n Zoom de zona puede utilizar la parte izquierda del TouchPad para ampliar o reducir un elemento de la ventana activa. La funci\'f3n Zoom de zona realiza la misma operaci\'f3n que una rueda de desplazamiento en aplicaciones est\'e1ndar de Windows que admiten CTRL-RUEDA DE DESPLAZAMIENTO.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar zoom de zona\b0 .\par
\par
\b Para ampliar:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en el TouchPad cerca de la esquina inferior izquierda.\par
2.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba, hacia la esquina superior izquierda.\par
3.\tab Repita el gesto hasta conseguir el nivel de ampliaci\'f3n deseado.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Para reducir:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en el TouchPad cerca de la esquina superior izquierda.\par
2.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia abajo, hacia la esquina inferior izquierda.\par
3.\tab Repita el gesto hasta conseguir el nivel de reducci\'f3n deseado.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b TouchCheck\b0  impide la activaci\'f3n accidental del TouchPad al tocarlo sin querer. TouchCheck permite al TouchPad reconocer cu\'e1ndo la palma de la mano simplemente est\'e1 apoyada o cu\'e1ndo se toca accidentalmente al teclear. De este modo, se evitan movimientos no deseados del puntero.\par
\par
Si el TouchPad se activa con movimientos o acciones no deseadas, aumente la configuraci\'f3n de TouchCheck moviendo el control deslizante a la derecha hacia \b M\'e1ximo\b0 . Si el TouchPad no reconoce los movimientos o acciones reales, reduzca la configuraci\'f3n de TouchCheck moviendo el control deslizante a la izquierda hacia \b M\'ednimo\b0 . Si el control deslizante est\'e1 en la zona roja, es m\'e1s probable que experimente errores de movimientos o acciones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Giro \b0\par
El gesto Giro permite girar objetos, como fotograf\'edas, archivos PDF u otros objetos seleccionados en incrementos de 90 grados.\par
\par
Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar Giro\b0 .\par
\par
Para utilizar un gesto de giro:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la esquina inferior izquierda del TouchPad y d\'e9jelo ah\'ed.\par
2.\tab Coloque otro dedo cerca del centro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Deslice el segundo dedo en movimiento circular alrededor del primer dedo. Aseg\'farese de que el espacio entre los dos dedos no var\'eda al realizar el movimiento circular. Deslice el dedo en el sentido horario o antihorario para girar el objeto en la direcci\'f3n deseada.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Giro de esquina derecha \b0\par
Para utilizar la funci\'f3n Giro en la esquina inferior derecha del TouchPad, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Giro de esquina derecha\b0 . Si realiza este gesto con la mano izquierda, lo m\'e1s c\'f3modo es utilizar la esquina derecha del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Grado de zoom\b0\par
El control deslizante Grado de zoom controla la rapidez con la que se aplica el zoom a la ventana como respuesta al movimiento de los dedos sobre el \'e1rea de zoom.\par
\par
Para aplicar el zoom m\'e1s lentamente, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b Lento\b0 .\par
Para aplicar el zoom m\'e1s r\'e1pidamente, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b R\'e1pido\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZones hace la misma funci\'f3n que los botones f\'edsicos. Hay dos ClickZones en el borde inferior del ClickPad. Pulsar un ClickZone es como hacer clic con el bot\'f3n derecho o izquierdo de un rat\'f3n. Para utilizar ClickZones, seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Si no activa ClickZones, debe activar la pulsaci\'f3n por \b toques\b0  o utilizar un rat\'f3n externo para poder ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario.\par
\par
El ClickZone izquierdo ejecuta un clic primario. El ClickZone derecho ejecuta un clic secundario. Para cambiar estos ajustes, seleccione \b Clic izquierdo\b0  o \b Clic derecho\b0  y config\'farelos como desee.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZones hace la misma funci\'f3n que los botones f\'edsicos. Hay tres ClickZones en el borde inferior del ClickPad: izquierdo, central y derecho. Pulsar un ClickZone es como hacer clic con un bot\'f3n. Para utilizar ClickZones, seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Si no activa ClickZones, debe activar la pulsaci\'f3n por \b toques\b0  o utilizar un rat\'f3n externo para poder ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario.\par
\par
El ClickZone izquierdo ejecuta un clic primario. El ClickZone derecho ejecuta un clic secundario. El ClickZone central ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que un bot\'f3n central. Para cambiar estos ajustes, seleccione \b Clic izquierdo\b0 , \b Clic central\b0 o \b Clic derecho\b0  y config\'farelos como desee.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
Puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista para asignarla al ClickZone izquierdo.\par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo.\par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
Puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista para asignarla al ClickZone central.\par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo.\par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
Puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista para asignarla al ClickZone derecho.\par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo.\par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZones hace la misma funci\'f3n que los botones f\'edsicos. Hay dos ClickZones en el borde inferior del ClickPad. Pulsar un ClickZone es como hacer clic con el bot\'f3n derecho o izquierdo de un rat\'f3n. Para utilizar ClickZones, seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Si no activa ClickZones, puede activar los botones f\'edsicos para ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario. Si no activa ClickZones ni los botones f\'edsicos, deber\'e1 activar \b Zonas de toques\b0  (en el men\'fa \b Toque\b0 ) o utilizar un rat\'f3n externo para ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario.\par
\par
El ClickZone y el bot\'f3n f\'edsico izquierdos ejecutan un clic primario. El ClickZone y el bot\'f3n f\'edsico derechos ejecutan un clic secundario. Para cambiar estos ajustes, seleccione \b Clic izquierdo\b0  o \b Clic derecho\b0  y config\'farelos como desee.\par
\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Mostrar v\'eddeo\b0  para ver ClickZones en acci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZones hace la misma funci\'f3n que los botones f\'edsicos. Hay tres ClickZones en el borde inferior del ClickPad: izquierdo, central y derecho. Pulsar un ClickZone es como hacer clic con un bot\'f3n izquierdo, central o derecho. Para utilizar ClickZones, seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Si no activa ClickZones, puede activar los botones f\'edsicos para ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario. Si no activa ClickZones ni los botones f\'edsicos, debe activar \b Zonas de toques\b0 (en el men\'fa \b Toque\b0 ) o utilizar un rat\'f3n externo para ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario.\par
\par
El ClickZone y el bot\'f3n izquierdos ejecutan un clic primario. El ClickZone y el bot\'f3n derechos ejecutan un clic secundario. Para cambiar estos ajustes, seleccione \b Clic izquierdo\b0  o \b Clic derecho\b0  y config\'farelos como desee.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
Puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista para asignarla al ClickZone izquierdo. La opci\'f3n que seleccione para el ClickZone izquierdo se asigna autom\'e1ticamente al bot\'f3n izquierdo. Por ejemplo, si quiere intercambiar la acci\'f3n de los ClickZones izquierdos y derechos, puede seleccionar \b Clic secundario\b0 . Es importante cambiar la acci\'f3n del ClickZone derecho para que act\'fae como \b Clic primario\b0  y completar el intercambio de funciones.\par
\par
Muchas acciones no requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional alguna. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n Configurar o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Mostrar v\'eddeo\b0  para ver un ClickZone izquierdo en acci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
Puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista para asignarla al ClickZone central. La opci\'f3n que seleccione para el ClickZone central se asigna autom\'e1ticamente al bot\'f3n f\'edsico central (si existe uno). Por ejemplo, si selecciona \b Ir al bot\'f3n Inicio\b0 , un clic central har\'e1 que el puntero salte al bot\'f3n \b Inicio\b0  de la barra de tareas de Windows y abrir\'e1 autom\'e1ticamente el \b men\'fa Inicio\b0 .\par
\par
Muchas acciones no requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional alguna. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n Mostrar v\'eddeo para ver un ClickZone central en acci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
Puede seleccionar una acci\'f3n de la lista para asignarla al ClickZone derecho. La opci\'f3n que seleccione para el ClickZone derecho se asigna autom\'e1ticamente al bot\'f3n f\'edsico derecho. Por ejemplo, si quiere intercambiar la acci\'f3n de los ClickZones izquierdos y derechos, puede seleccionar \b Clic primario\b0 . Es importante cambiar la acci\'f3n del ClickZone izquierdo para que act\'fae como \b Clic secundario\b0  y completar el intercambio de funciones.\par
\par
Muchas acciones no requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional alguna. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo de configuraci\'f3n. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Mostrar v\'eddeo\b0  para ver un ClickZone derecho en acci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n ClickButtons transforma toda la superficie del ClickPad en un gran bot\'f3n "virtual". El usuario puede pulsar en cualquier punto del ClickPad para ejecutar un clic de bot\'f3n primario, secundario o central. Seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar ClickButtons\b0  para utilizar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
Pulsar con un dedo ejecuta un clic primario. Pulsar con dos dedos ejecuta un clic secundario. Pulsar con tres dedos ejecuta un clic central. Para cambiar estos ajustes, seleccione \b Clic con un dedo\b0 , \b Clic con dos dedos\b0 o \b Clic con tres dedos\b0  y config\'farelos como desee.\par
\par
Si no activa ClickButtons, debe activar la pulsaci\'f3n por \b toques\b0  o utilizar un rat\'f3n externo para ejecutar un clic de bot\'f3n primario, secundario o central.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Para ejecutar un clic con un dedo, pulse la superficie del ClickPad con un dedo hasta que note como desciende. De forma predeterminada, un clic con un dedo equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n primario. \par
\par
Si quiere cambiar el ajuste predeterminado, seleccione una opci\'f3n de la lista. \par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo. \par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Para ejecutar un clic con dos dedos, pulse la superficie del ClickPad con dos dedos hasta que note como desciende. De forma predeterminada, un clic con dos dedos equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n secundario. \par
\par
Si quiere cambiar el ajuste predeterminado, seleccione una opci\'f3n de la lista. \par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo. \par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Para ejecutar un clic con tres dedos, pulse la superficie del ClickPad con tres dedos hasta que note como desciende. De forma predeterminada, un clic con tres dedos equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n central. \par
\par
Si quiere cambiar el ajuste predeterminado, seleccione una opci\'f3n de la lista. \par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo. \par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n ClickButtons transforma toda la superficie del ClickPad en un gran bot\'f3n "virtual". El usuario puede pulsar en cualquier punto para ejecutar un clic de bot\'f3n primario, secundario o central. Seleccione la opci\'f3n \b Activar ClickButtons\b0  para utilizar esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
Pulsar con un dedo ejecuta un clic primario. Pulsar con dos dedos ejecuta un clic secundario. Pulsar con tres dedos ejecuta un clic central. Para cambiar estos ajustes, seleccione \b Clic con un dedo\b0 , \b Clic con dos dedos\b0 o \b Clic con tres dedos\b0  y config\'farelos como desee.\par
\par
Si no activa ClickButtons, puede activar los botones f\'edsicos para ejecutar acciones de clic de bot\'f3n primario o secundario. Si no activa ClickButtons ni los botones f\'edsicos, debe activar \b Zonas de toques\b0  (en el men\'fa \b Toque\b0 ) o utilizar un rat\'f3n externo para ejecutar un clic de bot\'f3n primario, secundario o central.\par
\par
Para modificar los ajustes de los botones, seleccione \b Botones f\'edsicos\b0  en el men\'fa y, seguidamente, configure \b Clic izquierdo\b0  y \b Clic derecho \b0 como desee.\par
\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Mostrar v\'eddeo\b0  para ver ClickButtons en acci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
El gesto TwistRotate permite girar elementos como fotograf\'edas, archivos PDF, etc. Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar TwistRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\b Para realizar un gesto TwistRotate: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione el objeto que desee girar.\par
2.\tab Coloque dos dedos sobre el TouchPad. Debe dejar algo de espacio entre los dedos.\par
3.\tab Deslice los dedos en sentido horario o en sentido antihorario. El movimiento es similar a girar un pomo.\par
4.\tab Repita el movimiento de giro tantas veces como necesite hacerlo.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n Hacer clic y arrastrar permite utilizar ClickZones para desplazar elementos.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Con ayuda del cursor, resalte el elemento que quiera mover.\par
2.\tab Pulse el ClickZone que ejecuta un clic primario. De forma predeterminada, es el ClickZone izquierdo.\par
3.\tab Mantenga el ClickZone presionado mientras, con un segundo dedo, arrastra el elemento seleccionado hasta la posici\'f3n deseada.\par
4.\tab Levante el dedo del ClickZone cuando quiera soltar el elemento que est\'e9 arrastrando.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si tiene dificultades al realizar el gesto de hacer clic y arrastrar, aseg\'farese de que las ClickZones est\'e1n activadas y que est\'e1 pulsando el ClickZone configurado para ejecutar un clic primario.\par
\par
Seleccione \b Botones y ClickZones\b0  en el men\'fa para comprobar la configuraci\'f3n de ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Puede hacer clic y arrastrar con un dedo para mover un elemento seleccionado. Puede hacer clic y arrastrar con dos dedos para ejecutar una acci\'f3n equivalente a hacer clic y arrastrar con un bot\'f3n f\'edsico derecho.\par
\par
\b Para realizar un gesto de hacer clic y arrastrar con un dedo:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Con ayuda del cursor, resalte el elemento que quiera mover.\par
2.\tab Pulse el ClickPad con un dedo.\par
3.\tab Mantenga el ClickPad pulsado mientras arrastra el elemento seleccionado a la posici\'f3n que desee.\par
4.\tab Levante el dedo del ClickPad cuando quiera soltar el elemento.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Para realizar un gesto de hacer clic y arrastrar con dos dedos:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Con ayuda del cursor, resalte el elemento que quiera mover. \par
2.\tab Pulse el ClickPad con dos dedos.\par
3.\tab Mantenga el ClickPad pulsado mientras arrastra el elemento seleccionado a la posici\'f3n que desee.\par
4.\tab Levante los dedos del ClickPad cuando quiera soltar el elemento.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
El control deslizante \b Sensibilidad de toque\b0  permite ajustar la cantidad de presi\'f3n que debe aplicarse con el dedo para que el Scroll Pad responda.\par
\par
Si el Scroll Pad responde de manera irregular, o si trabaja en una zona con mucha humedad, reduzca la sensibilidad deslizando el control a la derecha, hacia \b Toque fuerte\b0 .\par
\par
Si nota que debe aplicar mucha fuerza para que funcione el Scroll Pad, aumente la sensibilidad deslizando el control a la izquierda, hacia \b Toque suave\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de \b sensibilidad\b0  permite personalizar el modo en que el Scroll responde a los toques de los dedos. Para ajustar la sensibilidad, seleccione un elemento en el men\'fa \b Sensibilidad\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 impide la activaci\'f3n accidental del Scroll Pad al tocarlo sin querer. PalmCheck permite al Scroll Pad reconocer cu\'e1ndo la palma de la mano simplemente est\'e1 apoyada o cu\'e1ndo se toca accidentalmente al teclear. De este modo, se impiden desplazamientos no deseados.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
La casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar bot\'f3n\b0  permite activar el bot\'f3n de este dispositivo. Para configurar la acci\'f3n realizada cuando se pulsa el bot\'f3n, seleccione el nombre del bot\'f3n en el men\'fa.\par
\par
Si \b Activar bot\'f3n\b0  no est\'e1 seleccionado, el bot\'f3n se desactiva y no sucede nada al pulsarlo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n de la lista anterior para asignarla al bot\'f3n seleccionado. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se ejecutar\'e1 cada vez que pulse el bot\'f3n.\par
\par
Tenga en cuenta que el bot\'f3n debe estar activado para poder asignarle una acci\'f3n. Para activar el bot\'f3n, siga estos pasos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Seleccione \b Bot\'f3n\b0  en el men\'fa de la izquierda.\par
2.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar bot\'f3n\b0 .\par
3.\tab Seleccione el bot\'f3n en el men\'fa \b Bot\'f3n\b0  para volver a esta p\'e1gina.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Estas opciones permiten especificar qu\'e9 ventana o elemento se desplaza al utilizar la funci\'f3n Desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Algunas aplicaciones permiten especificar el grado de giro. La opci\'f3n seleccionada en el campo \b Activar grado de giro\b0  se aplicar\'e1 si la aplicaci\'f3n lo admite.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n \b Mostrar v\'eddeo\b0  para ver c\'f3mo se realiza este gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
Con la opci\'f3n Activar filtrado de toque en el borde activada, se obviar\'e1n los toques accidentales en los bordes del TouchPad.\par
\par
La regi\'f3n del borde se indica con el \'e1rea de cruces mostrada abajo. Puede ajustar el tama\'f1o de la regi\'f3n del borde arrastrando los selectores negros de cambio de tama\'f1o. Tenga en cuenta que el movimiento del puntero, la selecci\'f3n del \'e1rea, la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento y la introducci\'f3n de gestos no se ven afectados por esta configuraci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n Zona de inicio ayuda a reducir el movimiento no intencionado del puntero y la selecci\'f3n del \'e1rea.\par
\par
Si est\'e1 opci\'f3n est\'e1 seleccionada, el dedo debe tocar inicialmente el TouchPad en la zona de inicio para que el puntero se mueva o se seleccione el \'e1rea. Si se intenta mover el puntero o seleccionar el \'e1rea tocando inicialmente una zona fuera de la zona de inicio, se obviar\'e1 el contacto. Siempre y cuando el movimiento del puntero o la selecci\'f3n del \'e1rea comience dentro de la zona de inicio, las \'e1reas del TouchPad fuera de la zona de inicio funcionar\'e1n normalmente hasta que se restaure la zona de inicio. Si ajusta el control deslizante anterior, podr\'e1 especificar cu\'e1ndo se restaura la zona de inicio si no se detecta ning\'fan contacto en el TouchPad. Los toques, las regiones de desplazamiento y los gestos no se ven afectados por la opci\'f3n Zona de inicio.\par
\par
Para obtener los mejores resultados, active la funci\'f3n PalmCheck adem\'e1s de esta funci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
El control deslizante \b Sensibilidad de toque\b0  permite ajustar la cantidad de presi\'f3n que debe aplicarse con el dedo para que el Scroll Sensor responda.\par
\par
Si el Scroll Sensor responde de manera irregular, o si trabaja en una zona con mucha humedad, reduzca la sensibilidad deslizando el control a la derecha, hacia \b Toque fuerte\b0 .\par
\par
Si nota que debe aplicar mucha fuerza para que funcione el Scroll Sensor, aumente la sensibilidad deslizando el control a la izquierda, hacia \b Toque suave\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de \b sensibilidad\b0  permite personalizar el modo en que el Scroll Sensor responde a los toques de los dedos. Para ajustar la sensibilidad, seleccione un elemento en el men\'fa \b Sensibilidad\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
Si est\'e1 activado el doble toque con dos dedos, puede tocar el TouchPad con dos dedos a la vez para iniciar la aplicaci\'f3n que desee. (Deje un poco de espacio entre los dedos: es importante.) Haga clic en Configurar para seleccionar la aplicaci\'f3n que quiere iniciar con este gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
La zona de inicio se indica con el \'e1rea de cruces mostrada abajo. Puede ajustar el tama\'f1o de la zona de inicio arrastrando los selectores negros de cambio de tama\'f1o. \par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b\'bfQu\'e9 es un ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
Un ClickPad\'99 de Synaptics es similar a un TouchPad\'99 de Synaptics. Un ClickPad se puede utilizar para desplazarse, se\'f1alar y seleccionar, exactamente igual que un TouchPad.\par
\par
Sin embargo, un ClickPad desciende cuando se pulsa. Pulsar un ClickPad es similar a pulsar un bot\'f3n f\'edsico. Esto convierte al ClickPad en una alternativa c\'f3moda a los botones f\'edsicos o a un rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Su ClickPad tiene una de estas funciones, o ambas:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx180\par
Seleccione la funci\'f3n en el men\'fa que aparece a la izquierda para obtener m\'e1s informaci\'f3n sobre su uso.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Modo de ampliaci\'f3n\b0\par
Con la opci\'f3n de ampliaci\'f3n activada, el puntero se convierte en una lupa y puede utilizarse para ampliar cualquier parte de la pantalla. Seleccione el tama\'f1o de la lupa (entre 100 y 400 p\'edxeles en cada direcci\'f3n) y el nivel de zoom predeterminado.\par
\par
\b Uso y acceso al modo de ampliaci\'f3n:\b0\par
Coloque un dedo sobre el TouchPad y d\'e9 dos toques con un segundo dedo. Aparecer\'e1 un rect\'e1ngulo de ampliaci\'f3n.\par
\par
En modo de ampliaci\'f3n, mueva la lupa como mover\'eda un puntero para cambiar de posici\'f3n. Puede utilizar el gesto de zoom de pellizco para aumentar o reducir el grado de ampliaci\'f3n.\par
\par
\b Para salir del modo de ampliaci\'f3n:\b0\par
Haga clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo, toque el TouchPad o pulse Esc en el teclado para volver al modo del puntero normal.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Toque simple con dos dedos\b0\par
Si activa el toque simple con dos dedos, puede configurar el TouchPad para que se comporte como un bot\'f3n cuando lo toque con dos dedos. Seleccione una acci\'f3n en la lista para asignarlo al toque simple con dos dedos y configure las opciones si es necesario.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Barrido vertical con tres dedos\b0\par
El barrido vertical con tres dedos proporciona acceso a los atajos de Mi PC y al cambiador de tareas. Para activar el barrido ascendente con tres dedos, haga clic en el casilla de verificaci\'f3n \ldblquote Mi PC\rdblquote . Para activar el barrido descendente con tres dedos, haga clic en la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \ldblquote Alternar entre ventanas\rdblquote .\par
\par
\b Barrido ascendente con tres dedos:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos (ligeramente separados) en el borde inferior del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Deslice los dedos hacia el borde superior del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Se abrir\'e1 la ventana Mi PC.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Barrido descendente con tres dedos:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque tres dedos (ligeramente separados) cerca del borde superior del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Deslice los dedos hacia abajo en el borde inferior del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Levante los dedos del TouchPad.\par
4.\tab Se iniciar\'e1 el cambiador de tareas.\par
5.\tab Utilice el barrido horizontal con tres dedos hacia la izquierda o la derecha para cambiar de aplicaci\'f3n.\par
6.\tab Cuando se resalte la aplicaci\'f3n que desee, levante todos los dedos del TouchPad para seleccionarla.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b EdgeMotion\b0 \'99 se ha dise\'f1ado para simplificar los movimientos de puntero de mucho recorrido. Cuando el dedo llega al borde del TouchPad, el puntero sigue desplaz\'e1ndose en la misma direcci\'f3n hasta que se levanta.\par
\par
Para activar EdgeMotion, aseg\'farese de que la funci\'f3n de toque est\'e1 activada y seleccione las opciones de EdgeMotion que desee. \par
\par
Las funciones de desplazamiento tambi\'e9n son compatibles con EdgeMotion. Para utilizar EdgeMotion durante el desplazamiento, seleccione las opciones de desplazamiento que desee.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
La funci\'f3n \b Zona de desactivaci\'f3n del TouchPad\b0  permite activar o desactivar el TouchPad tocando dos veces la zona de la esquina del TouchPad.\par
Si el TouchPad est\'e1 activado, toque dos veces en la esquina para desactivarlo. Si el TouchPad est\'e1 desactivado, toque dos veces en la esquina para activarlo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Si selecciona esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n, se activa el doble toque para habilitar esta funci\'f3n. Si anula la selecci\'f3n de esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n, se desactiva la funci\'f3n de doble toque.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento vertical y horizontal.\par
Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el Touchpad para mover el elemento o la ventana seleccionada verticalmente.\par
Deslice el dedo hacia la derecha o hacia la izquierda en el Touchpad para mover el elemento o la ventana seleccionada horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento vertical y horizontal.\par
Deslice los dos dedos hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el Touchpad para mover el elemento o la ventana seleccionada verticalmente.\par
Deslice los dos dedos hacia la derecha o hacia la izquierda en el Touchpad para mover el elemento o la ventana seleccionada horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
Si est\'e1 activado el doble toque con dos dedos, puede tocar el TouchPad\'99 con dos dedos a la vez para iniciar la aplicaci\'f3n que desee. (Deje un poco de espacio entre los dedos: es importante.) Haga clic en Configurar para seleccionar la aplicaci\'f3n que quiere iniciar con este gesto.\par
\par
Para activar el doble toque con dos dedos:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Compruebe que \b Activar toques r\'e1pidos\b0  est\'e1 seleccionado en la p\'e1gina \b Toques r\'e1pidos\b0.\par
2.\tab Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar doble toque con dos dedos\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b Desactivar TouchPad\b0\'99\par
Si no quiere utilizar el TouchPad\'99, puede desactivarlo. Realice dos toques r\'e1pidos en la esquina superior izquierda del TouchPad\'99. El icono del TouchPad\'99 de la barra de tareas cambiar\'e1 para indicar que el TouchPad\'99 no est\'e1 disponible.\par
Para volver a activar el TouchPad\'99, realice dos toques r\'e1pidos de de nuevo en la esquina superior izquierda. El icono de la barra de tareas volver\'e1 a su estado activo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
La opci\'f3n \b Desactivar TouchPad\b0\'99 mantiene el TouchPad\'99 desactivado hasta que se vuelve a restaurar realizando dos toques r\'e1pidos en la esquina superior izquierda.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
La opci\'f3n \b Desactivar TouchPad\'99 para una sesi\'f3n\b0  desactivar\'e1 el TouchPad\'99 para el resto de la sesi\'f3n actual. El TouchPad\'99 se restaura autom\'e1ticamente la pr\'f3xima vez que inicie sesi\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Sensibilidad\b0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de sensibilidad permite personalizar el modo en que el sensor de desplazamiento responde a los toques de los dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Las funciones de desplazamiento tambi\'e9n son compatibles con EdgeMotion\'99. Para utilizar EdgeMotion\'99 durante el desplazamiento, seleccione \b Activar EdgeMotion\'99 al desplazarse\b0  en \b Desplazamiento con un dedo\b0  o \b Desplazamiento con dos dedos\b0  en \b Desplazamiento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
Cuando est\'e1 activado, este filtro ayuda a predecir cu\'e1ndo se usa intencionadamente la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento con un dedo. Si observa que activa el desplazamiento accidentalmente, active este filtro.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
Cuando est\'e1 habilitado, este filtro ayuda a predecir cu\'e1ndo se usan intencionadamente las funciones Zoom de pellizco, Desplazamiento con dos dedos, Giro y Gestos de aplicaci\'f3n.\par
\par
El \'e1rea que permitir\'e1 el uso del gesto est\'e1 marcada por el \'e1rea tramada que se muestra m\'e1s arriba. Puede ajustar el tama\'f1o de esta \'e1rea arrastrando los selectores negros de cambio de tama\'f1o.\par
\par
Si se produce un contacto inicial fuera del \'e1rea tramada, el gesto se ignora. Si activa accidentalmente Zoom de pellizco, Desplazamiento con dos dedos o Giro, habilite este filtro.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b Gestos con varios dedos\b0\par
Los gestos con varios dedos permiten acceder r\'e1pidamente a las funciones o aplicaciones utilizadas con m\'e1s frecuencia. La respuesta del ordenador ante estos gestos puede depender de la aplicaci\'f3n correspondiente. Haga clic en la ayuda de cada gesto para obtener m\'e1s informaci\'f3n.
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento con dos dedos\b0\par
La funci\'f3n de desplazamiento con dos dedos permite desplazarse vertical u horizontalmente desde cualquier punto de la superficie del TouchPad\'99. Coloque dos dedos sobre el TouchPad\'99 y desl\'edcelos en la direcci\'f3n deseada. No es necesario que est\'e9n en una regi\'f3n de desplazamiento.\par
\par
Consulte el v\'eddeo para aprender a usar el desplazamiento con dos dedos. Aseg\'farese de que los dedos est\'e1n ligeramente separados. Sep\'e1relos a la vez del TouchPad\'99 para detener el desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento vertical\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento vertical. Al deslizar dos dedos hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el TouchPad\'99, la ventana o el elemento seleccionado se desplaza verticalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Activar desplazamiento horizontal\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para activar el desplazamiento virtual horizontal en ventanas con barras de desplazamiento horizontal. Al deslizar el dedo hacia delante y hacia atr\'e1s en la parte inferior del TouchPad\'99, la ventana o el elemento se desplaza horizontalmente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Activar EdgeMotion\'99 al desplazarse\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n si desea que el desplazamiento contin\'fae cuando los dedos llegan al borde del TouchPad\'99. Para detener el desplazamiento, levante los dedos del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Activar Desplazamiento por inercia\b0\par
El desplazamiento por inercia le ayuda a desplazarse r\'e1pidamente por documentos extensos. Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n si desea que el desplazamiento contin\'fae despu\'e9s de levantar los dedos de la superficie del TouchPad\'99. Para utilizar el desplazamiento por inercia, mueva el dedo describiendo un movimiento suave y despu\'e9s lev\'e1ntelo. Para detener el movimiento de desplazamiento por inercia, vuelva a colocar el dedo en la superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Practicar\b0\par
Haga clic en el bot\'f3n Practicar para ejecutar un laberinto sencillos con el que practicar el desplazamiento.\par
\par
Antes de empezar, localice los puntos de inicio y de fin del laberinto. No puede ver todo el laberinto porque es m\'e1s grande que la ventana que lo muestra. Despl\'e1cese para mover la vista del laberinto en la pantalla. Mantenga presionada la tecla Ctrl y utilice el desplazamiento para cambiar el tama\'f1o del laberinto.\par
\par
Un punto amarillo situado en la esquina superior izquierda del laberinto indica la entrada. Un punto azul situado a la derecha en el laberinto indica la salida.\par
\par
Para practicar el desplazamiento:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Haga clic en el cuadrado rojo del punto amarillo.\par
2.\tab Utilice las teclas de flecha o toque el TouchPad\'99 para desplazarse por el laberinto.\par
3.\tab Utilice el m\'e9todo de desplazamiento que desee para mover la vista del laberinto.\par
4.\tab Cierre la ventana de pr\'e1ctica de desplazamiento cuando haya llegado al punto azul de la derecha.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Zoom de pellizco\b0\par
El gesto de zoom de pellizco permite utilizar la funci\'f3n de zoom en muchas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de zoom de pellizco para realizar las mismas funciones que la rueda de desplazamiento de las aplicaciones de Windows est\'e1ndar compatibles con la funcionalidad de zoom Ctrl-Rueda de desplazamiento.\par
\par
Seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n Zoom de pellizco para activar el gesto de pellizco para el zoom. Consulte el v\'eddeo para saber c\'f3mo funciona el gesto. Para obtener los mejores resultados, utilice la punta de los dedos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Grado de zoom\b0\par
El control deslizante Grado de zoom controla la velocidad con la que la ventana aplica el zoom cuando se produce un gesto de zoom de pellizco.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Para que el zoom vaya m\'e1s despacio, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b Lento\b0.\par
Para que el zoom vaya m\'e1s r\'e1pido, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b R\'e1pido\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Activar Pivotar con giro\b0\par
Cuando se selecciona esta casilla, puede girar el objeto, como una foto, en incrementos de 90 grados.\par
\par
Consulte el v\'eddeo para saber c\'f3mo funciona este gesto. Aseg\'farese de que el espacio entre los dos dedos no var\'eda al realizar el gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Pivotar esquina derecha\b0\par
Para utilizar la funci\'f3n Pivotar con giro en la esquina inferior derecha del TouchPad\'99, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n Pivotar esquina derecha. Puede ser m\'e1s f\'e1cil realizar el gesto de Pivotar con giro con la mano izquierda.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Activar ChiralRotate\b0\'99\par
Seleccione esta casilla para utilizar el gesto ChiralRotate\'99 para girar objetos en incrementos de 90 grados. Tenga en cuenta que el gesto ChiralRotate\'99 s\'f3lo funciona con determinadas aplicaciones compatibles.\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto ChiralRotate\'99:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la zona de destino izquierda (o inferior) del TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo y empiece a describir un movimiento circular. Para girar el objeto en sentido horario, mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos en sentido horario. Para girar el objeto en sentido antihorario, mueva el dedo en c\'edrculos en sentido antihorario.\par
3.\tab Levante el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad\'99 para volver al modo de puntero.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Pulsaci\'f3n con tres dedos\b0\par
Cuando se selecciona esta casilla, la funci\'f3n de Pulsaci\'f3n con tres dedos iniciar\'e1 una determinada aplicaci\'f3n. Para personalizar las aplicaciones que se ejecutan, haga clic en el bot\'f3n de configuraci\'f3n.\par
\par
Consulte el v\'eddeo para saber c\'f3mo funciona la Pulsaci\'f3n con tres dedos. Aseg\'farese de separar ligeramente los dedos cuando realice este gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Sensibilidad de toque\b0\par
El control deslizante de sensibilidad t\'e1ctil permite controlar la presi\'f3n que debe aplicarse con el dedo para mover el puntero a una determinada velocidad. Si se producen movimientos err\'e1ticos del puntero intente mover el control deslizante hacia \b Toque fuerte\b0 . Si no se registra la presi\'f3n, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b Toque suave\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento\b0\par
Las funciones de desplazamiento permiten utilizar las barras de desplazamiento de una ventana sin alejar el puntero del \'e1rea de trabajo. Las funciones de desplazamiento funcionan en la mayor\'eda de las ventanas con desplazamiento, por ejemplo, en documentos, hojas de c\'e1lculo e im\'e1genes digitales de gran tama\'f1o.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Activar Invertir direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0\par
Esta funci\'f3n permite cambiar el comportamiento est\'e1ndar del desplazamiento. El desplazamiento habitual mueve la barra de desplazamiento en la direcci\'f3n de movimiento del dedo. Al invertir direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento, se mueve el documento o el objeto en la direcci\'f3n del movimiento del dedo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Activar ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
Esta funci\'f3n permite desplazarse de forma continua con un movimiento suave y circular. La velocidad de desplazamiento se controla con la velocidad del dedo. Para activar esta funci\'f3n, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n Activar ChiralScrolling.\par
\par
Para utilizar ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque un dedo en la zona de destino. Para desplazarse hacia arriba o hacia abajo, la zona de destino se encuentra a la derecha del TouchPad\'99. Para desplazarse hacia la izquierda o la derecha, la zona de destino se encuentra en la parte inferior del TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Mueva el dedo en la direcci\'f3n en la que quiera desplazarse y, a continuaci\'f3n, empiece a mover el dedo describiendo c\'edrculos en sentido horario o antihorario. Una vez iniciada la funci\'f3n ChiralScrolling, el dedo puede ir a cualquier posici\'f3n de la superficie del TouchPad\'99 mientras sigue describiendo c\'edrculos. Nota: Para cambiar la direcci\'f3n de desplazamiento, basta con invertir la direcci\'f3n del movimiento del dedo. Empezar\'e1 a desplazarse en la direcci\'f3n contraria.\par
3.\tab Para detener el desplazamiento y volver al modo de puntero, separe el dedo de la superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Activar EdgeMotion\'99 al desplazarse\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n si desea que el desplazamiento contin\'fae cuando el dedo llega al borde del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0\par
El diagrama de la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento representa la superficie del TouchPad\'99. La zona sombreada del diagrama muestra las regiones de desplazamiento de la superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Al colocar el dedo sobre el TouchPad\'99, aparecen flechas en los bordes del diagrama del TouchPad\'99 para mostrar la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo est\'e1 en una zona activa del TouchPad\'99, la zona de desplazamiento correspondiente del diagrama pasa a tener un color s\'f3lido.\par
\par
Puede aumentar o reducir las regiones de desplazamiento arrastrando los cuadrados peque\'f1os de las esquinas de la zona sombreada. Si el desplazamiento es demasiado r\'edgido, aumente la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento moviendo las esquinas de la zona sombreada hacia dentro. Si el desplazamiento es demasiado libre, reduzca la regi\'f3n de desplazamiento.\par
\par
Si las regiones de desplazamiento aparecen grises y no se pueden dimensionar, verifique que las funciones desplazamiento vertical y horizontal est\'e1n activadas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Giro\b0\par
Las funciones de giro permiten utilizar gestos para girar fotograf\'edas y otros objetos.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
La PalmCheck\'99 funci\'f3n impide la activaci\'f3n accidental del TouchPad\'99 al tocarlo sin querer. PalmCheck\'99 permite al TouchPad\'99 reconocer cu\'e1ndo la palma de la mano simplemente est\'e1 apoyada o cu\'e1ndo se toca accidentalmente al teclear (y obviar esto \'faltimo). De este modo, se evitan movimientos no deseados del puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b Sensibilidad de PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
Se puede ajustar la Sensibilidad de PalmCheck\'99 seg\'fan sus necesidades de uso del teclado y del puntero.\par
\par
Si el TouchPad\'99 se activa con movimientos o acciones no deseadas, aumente la configuraci\'f3n de PalmCheck\'99 moviendo el control deslizante hacia \b M\'e1ximo\b0.\par
\par
Si el TouchPad\'99 no reconoce los movimientos o acciones reales, reduzca la configuraci\'f3n de PalmCheck\'99 moviendo el control deslizante hacia \b M\'ednimo\b0 . Si el control deslizante est\'e1 en la zona roja, es m\'e1s probable que experimente errores de movimientos o acciones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
La funci\'f3n Momentum (impulso) suministra un movimiento de rat\'f3n suave, veloz y de tipo trackball. Con una pasada r\'e1pida del dedo en la superficie del TouchPad\'99 se puede mover el cursor a trav\'e9s de toda la pantalla del ordenador. El impulso reduce el movimiento repetitivo y la fatiga asociados con el movimiento del cursor de mucho recorrido y proporciona una sensaci\'f3n suave y natural similar al uso de un trackball. El impulso es ideal para los juegos de estrategia en tiempo real (Real Time Strategy, RTS), juegos de punter\'eda (First Person Shooter, FPS) y juegos de rol (Role Playing Games, RPG).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Distancia de desplazamiento\b0\par
El control deslizante de distancia de deslizamiento permite ajustar la distancia de recorrido del cursor en respuesta a la pasada r\'e1pida de un dedo dedo en el TouchPad\'99. Para detener el cursor, realice un toque r\'e1pido o apoye el dedo en la superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Para aumentar la distancia de desplazamiento, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b Larga\b0 ; para reducirla, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b Corta\b0 .\par
\par
\b Activar rebote en borde de pantalla\b0\par
Seleccione esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n para mantener el cursor dentro de los l\'edmites de la pantalla. La funci\'f3n de rebote en borde de pantalla facilita el acceso a las opciones de men\'fa y a los controles cercanos al borde de la pantalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
La funci\'f3n EdgeMotion\'99 se ha dise\'f1ado para simplificar los movimientos de puntero de mucho recorrido. Cuando el dedo llega al borde del TouchPad\'99, el puntero sigue desplaz\'e1ndose en la misma direcci\'f3n hasta que se levanta.\par
\par
Las funciones de desplazamiento tambi\'e9n son compatibles con EdgeMotion\'99. Para utilizar EdgeMotion\'99 durante el desplazamiento, seleccione la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar EdgeMotion\'99 al desplazarse\b0  en \b Desplazamiento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b Regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
El diagrama de la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\'99 en la ventana de configuraci\'f3n representa la superficie del TouchPad\'99. La zona sombreada del diagrama muestra las regiones de EdgeMotion\'99 de la superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Al colocar el dedo sobre el TouchPad\'99, aparecen flechas en los bordes del diagrama de la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\'99 del TouchPad\'99 para mostrar la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo est\'e1 en una regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\'99 activa del TouchPad\'99, la zona de EdgeMotion\'99 correspondiente del diagrama pasa a tener un color s\'f3lido.\par
\par
Puede aumentar o reducir las regiones de EdgeMotion\'99 arrastrando uno de los cuadrados peque\'f1os de las esquinas de la zona sombreada. Si tiene dificultades para activar EdgeMotion\'99, haga la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\'99 m\'e1s grande moviendo las esquinas de la zona sombreada hacia dentro. Si EdgeMotion\'99 se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Control de velocidad con presi\'f3n t\'e1ctil\b0\par
Cuando selecciona esta opci\'f3n, la velocidad de EdgeMotion\'99 est\'e1 determinada por la presi\'f3n que ejerce el dedo en el TouchPad\'99. Cuanto mayor sea la presi\'f3n, m\'e1s r\'e1pida ser\'e1 la velocidad de desplazamiento.\par
\par
\b Velocidad fija\b0\par
Cuando selecciona esta opci\'f3n, el puntero siempre se desplaza a una determinada velocidad constante si el dedo se encuentra en la regi\'f3n de EdgeMotion\'99.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Accesibilidad\b0\par
Las funciones de Accesibilidad permiten especificar la manera en que el puntero responde a las acciones de se\'f1alizaci\'f3n, incluida la acci\'f3n de mantener el puntero en una ventana, reduciendo la velocidad del movimiento o restringiendo la direcci\'f3n del movimiento del puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Activar restricci\'f3n de bordes\b0\par
Esta opci\'f3n restringe el puntero a la ventana activa. Cuando intenta mover el puntero fuera de la ventana la primera vez, se detiene en el borde. Si lo intenta una segunda vez, el puntero puede salir de la ventana.\par
\par
La detenci\'f3n del puntero en los bordes de la ventana facilita el acceso a los controles que se encuentran alrededor del borde de una ventana. Por ejemplo, para cerrar o cambiar el tama\'f1o de una ventana, puede mover r\'e1pidamente el puntero en la direcci\'f3n general del cuadro Cerrar o del borde de la ventana y el puntero se detendr\'e1 exactamente en el borde.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Activar movimiento lento\b0\par
Cuando esta opci\'f3n est\'e1 habilitada puede reducir la velocidad del puntero para mejorar la precisi\'f3n de se\'f1alizaci\'f3n y obtener un mejor posicionamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Activar movimiento limitado\b0\par
Esta funci\'f3n permite forzar el movimiento puramente horizontal o vertical del puntero en la pantalla. Esta funci\'f3n resulta \'fatil si se usan programas de dibujo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Toques r\'e1pidos\b0\par
Cuando selecciona esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n, un toque r\'e1pido realiza las acciones del bot\'f3n izquierdo del rat\'f3n. Si anula la selecci\'f3n de esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n, los botones del TouchPad\'99 son el \'fanico m\'e9todo para hacer clic.\par
\par
Toque r\'e1pido significa tocar con el dedo la superficie del TouchPad\'99 y levantarlo r\'e1pidamente. Lo mejor es tocar suave y r\'e1pidamente el TouchPad\'99. Los toques r\'e1pidos fuertes o lentos son menos eficaces. Realice un toque r\'e1pido para hacer un solo clic o dos veces r\'e1pidamente para hacer doble clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Bloqueo de arrastre\b0\par
Cuando selecciona esta funci\'f3n, se pueden arrastrar los objetos a trav\'e9s de la pantalla con gran recorrido efectuando varios toques con el dedo. Cuando selecciona Bloqueo de arrastre, la acci\'f3n de arrastrar persiste despu\'e9s de que levanta el dedo del TouchPad\'99. Vuelva a tocar r\'e1pidamente el TouchPad\'99 para colocar el objeto y finalizar el arrastre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Activar zonas de toques\b0\par
Cuando selecciona esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n puede asignar una acci\'f3n o acceso directo espec\'edfico a cada esquina del TouchPad\'99. Si realiza un toque r\'e1pido en una de las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos se realiza la acci\'f3n especificada, generalmente ahorrando tiempo y clics.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Configurar\b0\par
Seleccione una acci\'f3n del cuadro de lista y as\'edgnela a una zona de toque. Muchas acciones no requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional alguna. Sin embargo, si requiere m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, el bot\'f3n Configurar se habilitar\'e1. Haga clic en el bot\'f3n Configurar en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar la configuraci\'f3n de la acci\'f3n.\par
Se puede asignar una variedad de acciones a las zonas de toques r\'e1pidos. Si tiene instalado software de Plug-In para TouchPad\'99 de terceros puede disponer de acciones adicionales. Si las opciones del cuadro de lista est\'e1n sombreadas y no se pueden seleccionar, verifique que la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar zonas de toques\b0  est\'e1 seleccionada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Botones\b0\par
De forma predeterminada, los botones act\'faan como los botones de un rat\'f3n para este dispositivo se\'f1alador. Si esta casilla no est\'e1 seleccionada, los botones aparecen deshabilitados y no funcionan al pulsarlos; llevar a cabo toques r\'e1pidos es la \'fanica manera de hacer clic con el dispositivo se\'f1alador.\par
\par
Tambi\'e9n puede especificar una acci\'f3n diferente para realizar cuando presiona un bot\'f3n. Por ejemplo, puede definir que el bot\'f3n derecho \ldblquote vaya a un sitio Web en el navegador predeterminado\rdblquote . Cada vez que hace clic el bot\'f3n derecho en el dispositivo se\'f1alador, el navegador Web se abre autom\'e1ticamente y carga la p\'e1gina especificada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Acci\'f3n de botones\b0\par
Elija una acci\'f3n en el men\'fa desplegable para asignarla al bot\'f3n que desee. La acci\'f3n seleccionada se ejecutar\'e1 cada vez que pulse el bot\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Uso de la ventana de propiedades\b0\par
Desde la ventana de propiedades es posible personalizar la configuraci\'f3n del dispositivo se\'f1alador. Utilice el \'e1rbol de men\'fas para acceder a las funciones personalizables. Haga clic en la flecha junto a una funci\'f3n o haga doble clic en la misma para ver las opciones.\par
\par
\b Activaci\'f3n y desactivaci\'f3n de funciones\b0\par
Seleccione la casilla para habilitar una funci\'f3n; anule la selecci\'f3n para deshabilitarla.\par
\par
\b Configuraci\'f3n\b0\par
Si la funci\'f3n seleccionada muestra un icono de configuraci\'f3n que se resalta al pasar el rat\'f3n por encima, puede hacer clic o doble clic en el nombre de dicha funci\'f3n para ajustar su configuraci\'f3n. Si no puede hacer clic en un icono de configuraci\'f3n, verifique que la casilla de verificaci\'f3n de la funci\'f3n y cualquier casilla de verificaci\'f3n principal est\'e1 seleccionada.\par
\par
\b Ayuda\b0\par
Puede hacer clic en el icono de signo de interrogaci\'f3n y el bot\'f3n Ayuda para mostrar informaci\'f3n de ayuda.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Cerrar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n Cerrar en la ventana de configuraci\'f3n cierra la ventana. Los cambios ser\'e1n permanentes s\'f3lo despu\'e9s de hacer clic en \b Aplicar\b0  o en \b Aceptar\b0  en la ventana Propiedades.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Predeterminados\b0\par
El bot\'f3n Predeterminados en la ventana Propiedades restaura todos los par\'e1metros del TouchPad\'99 a los valores de f\'e1brica.\par
\par
El bot\'f3n Predeterminados en una ventana de configuraci\'f3n restaura todos los par\'e1metros en la ventana actual a los valores de f\'e1brica. Los cambios ser\'e1n permanentes s\'f3lo despu\'e9s de hacer clic en \b Aplicar\b0  o en \b Aceptar\b0  en la ventana Propiedades.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aceptar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n Aceptar guarda los cambios realizados y cierra la ventana de propiedades.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Cancelar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n Cancelar cierra la ventana Propiedades sin guardar ning\'fan cambio.\par
\par
\b Bot\'f3n Aplicar\b0\par
El bot\'f3n Aplicar guarda los cambios realizados pero mantiene la ventana de propiedades abierta para poder hacer m\'e1s modificaciones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Velocidad de desplazamiento\b0\par
El control deslizante de velocidad de desplazamiento permite ajustar la velocidad del desplazamiento. Arrastre el control deslizante hacia la derecha para acelerar el desplazamiento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Puntero\b0\par
Las p\'e1ginas de configuraci\'f3n de puntero permiten especificar el modo en que el cursor responde a las acciones de puntero y de selecci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Sensibilidad de toque\b0\par
El control deslizante de sensibilidad de toque permite ajustar la cantidad de presi\'f3n que debe aplicarse con el dedo para que el TouchPad\'99 responda.\par
\par
Si el puntero se mueve o responde de manera irregular, o si trabaja en una zona con mucha humedad, reduzca la sensibilidad deslizando el control hacia \b Toque fuerte\b0.\par
\par
Si tiene que presionar demasiado para activar el TouchPad\'99 o si el TouchPad\'99 no siempre responde a los toques r\'e1pidos, aumente la sensibilidad moviendo el control deslizante hacia \b Toque suave\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Zonas de toques\b0\par
El diagrama de zonas de toques representa la superficie del TouchPad\'99. La zona sombreada del diagrama muestra las regiones de zonas de toques activas de la superficie del TouchPad\'99. Al colocar el dedo sobre el TouchPad\'99, aparecen flechas en los bordes del diagrama del TouchPad\'99 para mostrar la posici\'f3n del dedo. Si el dedo est\'e1 en una regi\'f3n activa de zonas de toques del TouchPad\'99, el \'e1rea de la zona de toque correspondiente del diagrama pasa a tener un color s\'f3lido.\par
\par
Puede aumentar o reducir las regiones de zonas de toques arrastrando uno de los cuadrados peque\'f1os de las esquinas de la zona sombreada. Si tiene dificultad para activar una acci\'f3n de la zona de toques, ampl\'ede la regi\'f3n de la zona de toques. Si una acci\'f3n de zona de toques se activa con demasiada facilidad, reduzca la regi\'f3n de la zona de toques.\par
\par
Si las zonas de toques est\'e1n sombreadas y no se pueden ajustar, verifique que la casilla de verificaci\'f3n \b Activar zonas de toques\b0  est\'e1 seleccionada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Pulsar para seleccionar\b0\par
La funci\'f3n Pulsar para seleccionar permite utilizar los movimientos de toques r\'e1pidos y pulsaci\'f3n para realizar clics de rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Si toca r\'e1pidamente o pulsa el extremo del bot\'f3n de puntero equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n izquierdo del rat\'f3n. Sin embargo, hacer toques r\'e1pidos o pulsar es m\'e1s r\'e1pido y c\'f3modo que usar el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Toque r\'e1pido significa tocar r\'e1pidamente y soltar el dedo de la superficie del bot\'f3n de puntero. Lo mejor es tocar suave y r\'e1pidamente el TouchPad\'99. Los toques r\'e1pidos fuertes o lentos son menos eficaces. Realice un toque r\'e1pido para hacer un solo clic o dos veces r\'e1pidamente para hacer doble clic.\par
\par
Presionar significa pulsar con rapidez la parte superior del bot\'f3n del puntero con el dedo. Se recomienda una presi\'f3n ligera y dirigida. Presione hacia abajo para simular hacer clic y mantener presionado el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n. Presione hacia abajo y hacia un lado para hacer clic y arrastrar en cualquier direcci\'f3n. Deje de presionar cuando desee soltar el bot\'f3n del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
Tambi\'e9n se pueden usar los botones f\'edsicos para hacer clic; si anula la selecci\'f3n de esta casilla de verificaci\'f3n, los botones f\'edsicos son el \'fanico m\'e9todo para hacer clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Pulsar s\'f3lo para seleccionar\b0\par
Cuando esta opci\'f3n est\'e1 seleccionada y se presiona la parte superior del bot\'f3n del puntero, se selecciona el objeto pero no se abrir\'e1 ni se mueve.\par
\par
\b Pulsar s\'f3lo para arrastrar\b0\par
Cuando esta opci\'f3n est\'e1 seleccionada y se presiona la parte superior del bot\'f3n del puntero, el objeto se selecciona y se mantiene seleccionado para poder moverlo con el bot\'f3n del puntero. Equivale a pulsar el bot\'f3n izquierdo del rat\'f3n sin soltarlo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Pulsar para seleccionar equivale a clic principal\b0\par
Cuando esta opci\'f3n est\'e1 seleccionada y se presiona el bot\'f3n del puntero, se realiza la misma acci\'f3n que con el bot\'f3n principal del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\b Pulsar para seleccionar equivale a clic secundario\b0\par
Cuando esta opci\'f3n est\'e1 seleccionada y se presiona el bot\'f3n del puntero, se realiza la misma acci\'f3n que con el bot\'f3n secundario del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Velocidad\b0\par
El control deslizante de velocidad ajusta la velocidad con que debe presionar el bot\'f3n del puntero para que se considere una acci\'f3n de Pulsar para seleccionar. Ajuste el control deslizante de velocidad hasta que se registren f\'e1cilmente las pulsaciones. Si no se detectan las pulsaciones, mu\'e9valo hacia \b R\'e1pido\b0 . Si se detectan demasiadas pulsaciones, mu\'e9valo hacia \b Lento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Sensibilidad de toque\b0\par
Los par\'e1metros de Sensibilidad permiten controlar la presi\'f3n que debe ejercer en el bot\'f3n del puntero para moverlo a una velocidad determinada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos\b0\par
El gesto de pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos mejora la navegaci\'f3n en determinadas aplicaciones. Puede utilizar el gesto de Pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos para navegar en Internet o desplazarse dentro de una ventana de visor de fotograf\'edas. Tambi\'e9n puede utilizar el gesto de Pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos para entrar o salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n del visor de fotograf\'edas. Seleccione esta casilla para habilitar el uso de Pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos para la navegaci\'f3n y presentaciones.\par
\par
Consulte el v\'eddeo para saber c\'f3mo funciona la Pasada r\'e1pida con tres dedos. Aseg\'farese de separar ligeramente los dedos cuando realice este gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Pasada r\'e1pida horizontal con tres dedos\par
Al deslizar los dedos a la derecha o a la izquierda, la p\'e1gina avanza o retrocede en un visor de fotograf\'edas o en una ventana de Internet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Pasada r\'e1pida vertical con tres dedos\par
Deslice los dedos hacia arriba para iniciar el modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas. Deslice los dedos hacia abajo para salir del modo de presentaci\'f3n de diapositivas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Utilice el control deslizante para ajustar la velocidad de EdgeMotion\'99. Para aumentar la velocidad, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b R\'e1pido\b0 y para reducirla, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b Lento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
Si est\'e1 activado el movimiento lento, puede elegir una tecla en el cuadro de lista para activarlo. Para utilizar la funci\'f3n Movimiento lento, pulse la tecla especificada y no la suelte mientras mueve el puntero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
Si est\'e1 activado el movimiento limitado, puede elegir una tecla en el cuadro de lista para activarlo. Para utilizar la funci\'f3n Movimiento limitado, pulse la tecla especificada y no la suelte mientras mueve el puntero. La direcci\'f3n inicial del movimiento del puntero determina la direcci\'f3n permitida del movimiento mientras el dedo permanezca sobre el TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Gesto de cubrir\b0\par
Este gesto limpia el escritorio minimizando todas las ventanas abiertas. Si repite este gesto, las ventanas se restauran.\par
\par
Para utilizar el gesto de cubrir:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Coloque cuatro dedos rectos sobre el TouchPad\'99 para cubrirlo casi en su totalidad.\par
2.\tab Mantenga la mano quieta hasta que se minimicen o se restauren las ventanas.\par
3.\tab Levante los dedos del TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
La configuraci\'f3n de Smart Check puede contribuir a reducir comportamientos no deseados del TouchPad\'99. Haga clic en cada funci\'f3n para obtener m\'e1s informaci\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
El usuario puede pulsar en cualquier punto del ClickPad para ejecutar un clic de bot\'f3n primario, secundario o central.\par
\par
De forma predeterminada, pulsar con un dedo ejecuta un clic primario. Pulsar con dos dedos ejecuta un clic secundario. Pulsar con tres dedos ejecuta un clic central. Seleccione \b Clic con dos dedos \b0 y \b Clic con tres dedos \b0 para configurarlo como desee.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Para ejecutar un clic con un dedo, pulse la superficie del ClickPad con un dedo hasta que note como desciende. Un clic con un dedo equivale a hacer clic con el bot\'f3n primario (izquierdo) del rat\'f3n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
De forma predeterminada, un clic con un dedo en la esquina inferior derecha del ClickPad ejecuta la misma acci\'f3n que un clic de rat\'f3n secundario (derecho).\par
\par
Es posible configurar la acci\'f3n ejecutada con un clic de un dedo en la esquina. Para asignar una acci\'f3n distinta, selecci\'f3nela en la lista.\par
\par
Algunas acciones requieren configuraci\'f3n adicional. Si es necesario aportar m\'e1s informaci\'f3n, se activar\'e1 el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  o aparecer\'e1 un cuadro de di\'e1logo.\par
\par
Puede hacer clic en el bot\'f3n \b Configurar\b0  en cualquier momento para ver o cambiar sus ajustes.\par
\par
Si est\'e1 activada la configuraci\'f3n para zurdos, haga clic en la parte inferior izquierda del ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Para ajustar la distancia de desplazamiento por inercia, utilice el control deslizante. Si quiere que el desplazamiento sea mayor, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b M\'e1x\b0. Para que el desplazamiento sea menor, mueva el control deslizante hacia \b M\'edn\b0. Si el control deslizante est\'e1 bloqueado, compruebe que la opci\'f3n Activar Desplazamiento por inercia est\'e9 seleccionada.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Desplazamiento con un dedo\b0\par
Permite desplazarse verticalmente.\par
\par
Haga clic en la ventana o en el elemento que quiera desplazar y deslice el dedo hacia arriba o hacia abajo en el borde derecho del TouchPad para desplazarse verticalmente.\par
\par
Si el desplazamiento no responde, aseg\'farese de que ha seleccionado la casilla de verificaci\'f3n correspondiente y de que la ventana o el elemento que ha seleccionado admite la funci\'f3n de desplazamiento. Si sigue teniendo problemas, revise la configuraci\'f3n de \b Regi\'f3n de desplazamiento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x040B\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0509200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0526200900, Extra spaces removed.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0617200900, Removed spaces before and after hyphens throughout file.\par
v1108200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v1110200900, Removed spaces before and after hyphens in topics 301-344.\par
v1111200900, Added spaces before hyphens throughout file, except after first word in sentence.\par
v1112200900, Corrected spacing on advice of Finnish translator.\par
v0222201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0601201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Help topic undefined\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n \b Ominaisuudet\b0  -ikkunan avulla voit mukauttaa osoitinlaitteesi asetuksia. P\'e4\'e4set mukautettaviin ominaisuuksiin vasemmalla olevan valikkopuun kautta.\par
\par
\b Ominaisuudet-ikkunan k\'e4ytt\'f6\b0\par
Napsauttamalla valikkopuun ominaisuutta saat n\'e4kyviin kyseisen ominaisuuden asetuksia koskevan sivun. Joillakin ominaisuuksilla on useita sivuja asetuksia. N\'e4et kaikki ominaisuuteen liittyv\'e4t sivut napsauttamalla sen vieress\'e4 olevaa plus-merkki\'e4 (\b +\b0 ). Asetukset tulevat n\'e4kyviin valikkopuun oikealla puolella olevaan ikkunaan. N\'e4it\'e4 vaihtoehtoja ja niiden muuttamista koskevat ohjeet n\'e4kyv\'e4t t\'e4ss\'e4 tietoruudussa. Tietoruudussa olevia tietoja voi vieritt\'e4\'e4 vierityspalkilla.\par
\par
\b Oletusarvot-painike\b0\par
\b Oletusarvot\b0 -painike palauttaa kaikki k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 olevalla sivulla olevat asetukset takaisin tehtaalla asetetuiksi arvoiksi.\par
\par
\b OK-painike\b0\par
\b OK\b0 -painikkeella tallennetaan muutokset ja suljetaan Ominaisuudet -ikkuna.\par
\par
\b Peruuta-painike\b0\par
\b Peruuta\b0 -painikkeella suljetaan Ominaisuudet-ikkuna tallentamatta muutoksia ja palautetaan kaikki edelliset asetukset.\par
\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4-painike\b0\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4\b0 -painike tallentaa tehdyt muutokset, mutta pit\'e4\'e4 Ominaisuudet-ikkunan auki, jotta voit tehd\'e4 lis\'e4\'e4 muutoksia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
\b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n painikkeet\b0  -valintaruutu ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n hiiripainikkeet t\'e4lle osoitinlaitteelle. Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 painikkeen toiminnon valitsemalla sen nimen valikkopuusta. Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 esimerkiksi kakkospainikkeen teht\'e4v\'e4ksi "siirry www-sivulle oletusselaimessasi". Aina kun napsautat osoitinlaitteen kakkospainiketta, selainohjelmasi k\'e4ynnistyy automaattisesti ja lataa m\'e4\'e4r\'e4tyn sivun.\par
\par
Kun \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n painikkeet\b0  -valintaruutu ei ole valittuna, painikkeet eiv\'e4t toimi eik\'e4 niiden painamisella ole mit\'e4\'e4n vaikutusta, vaan napauttaminen on ainut tapa napsauttaa osoitinlaitteella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Vierit\'e4 kohdetta osoittimen alla\b0\par
Vierit\'e4 kohdetta osoittimen alla pyrkii aina vieritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n sit\'e4 aktiivisen sovelluksen ikkunaa, jossa osoitin on. Ellei osoitin ole aktiivisessa sovelluksessa, toiminto ei vierit\'e4 mit\'e4\'e4n ikkunaa.\par
Kun esimerkiksi Windowsin Resurssienhallinta on aktiivinen, toiminto vieritt\'e4\'e4 hakemistorakennepuuta, jos osoitin on vasemman puoleisessa ruudussa p\'e4\'e4ll\'e4, mutta luetteloruutua jos osoitin on oikean puoleisessa ruudussa. Jos sitten valitset toisen sovelluksen, Windowsin Resurssienhallintaa ei voi vieritt\'e4\'e4, vaikka osoitin olisikin jossakin sen ikkunoista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
M\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 valitun painikkeen toiminto valitsemalla se yll\'e4 olevasta luettelosta. Valittu toiminto tapahtuu aina kun painat kyseist\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
Jos et pysty valitsemaan toimintoa luettelosta, varmista, ett\'e4 painikkeet ovat k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. Painikkeet otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta \b Painikkeet\b0 .\par
2.\tab Valitse \b Ota painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
3.\tab Valitse painike \b Painikkeet\b0-valikkopuusta ja palaa t\'e4lle sivulle.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 painike tuo esiin valintaikkunan, joka koskee luetteloruudusta valitun toiminnon m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
\b Valinta painamalla\b0  -ominaisuuden avulla voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 napautus -ja painamisliikkeit\'e4 hiiren napsautuksina.\par
\par
Osoitintikun k\'e4rjen napauttaminen tai painaminen vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen painamista. Napauttaminen tai painaminen voi olla kuitenkin nopeampaa ja helpompaa kuin hiiren painikkeiden k\'e4ytt\'e4minen.\par
\par
"Napauttaminen" tarkoittaa osoitintikun p\'e4\'e4n nopeaa sormella ly\'f6mist\'e4, mink\'e4 j\'e4lkeen sormi vapautetaan heti. Kevyt, nopea napautus toimii parhaiten. Eritt\'e4in kovat tai hitaat napautukset eiv\'e4t ole yht\'e4 tehokkaita. Yksi napautus vastaa yht\'e4 napsautusta ja kaksi kertaa per\'e4kk\'e4in nopeasti tehty napautus kaksoisnapsautusta.\par
\par
"Painaminen" tarkoittaa osoitintikun p\'e4\'e4n nopeaa alas painamista sormella. Kevyt, h\'e4t\'e4ilem\'e4t\'f6n painaminen toimii parhaiten. Suoraan alasp\'e4in painaminen vastaa hiiren painikkeen napsautusta ja pit\'e4mist\'e4. Paina suoraan alas ja sitten sivulle, kun haluat napsauttaa ja vet\'e4\'e4 mihin tahansa suuntaan. Kun haluat vapauttaa hiiren painikkeen, lopeta painaminen.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota "Valinta painamalla" k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
My\'f6s varsinaisia painikkeita voidaan k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 napsauttamiseen. Jos kuitenkin poistat valinnan t\'e4st\'e4 ruudusta, varsinaiset painikkeet ovat ainut tapa suorittaa napsautus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
T\'e4ss\'e4 valikkopuussa on lueteltu vaihtoehdot osoitinlaitettasi varten. Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 vaihtoehdon asetukset napsauttamalla sit\'e4 vastaavaa kohtaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
\b Osoittimen liike\b0  -asetussivun avulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, kuinka osoitinlaitteen k\'e4ytt\'f6 ohjaa hiiriosoittimen liikkumista n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
\b Rajoittunut liike\b0  -ominaisuuden avulla voit pakottaa osoittimen liikkumaan n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 pelk\'e4st\'e4\'e4n vaaka- tai pystysuuntaan. T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus on hy\'f6dyllinen k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 piirustusohjelmia. Rajoittunut liike otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 tietty\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna osoitinta liikutettaessa. Kun n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painetaan, kohdistimen sen hetkinen liike m\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 sallitun suunnan. Sallittu suunta on voimassa niin kauan kuin sormea pidet\'e4\'e4n TouchPadilla.\par
\par
Rajoittunut liike -ominaisuuden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ottaminen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Ota luetteloruudussa olevat vaihtoehdot k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota rajoittunut liike k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Valitse luetteloruudusta n\'e4pp\'e4in, jolla Rajoittunut liike -toiminto k\'e4ynnistet\'e4\'e4n.\par
3.\tab Voit rajoittaa osoittimen liikett\'e4 milloin tahansa pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 valittua n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Valinta painamalla on sama kuin ykk\'f6snapsautus\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittuna, osoitintikun napauttaminen tai painaminen vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautusta. Hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsautusta k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n yleens\'e4 aihekohtaisen ponnahdusvalikon avaamiseen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
N\'e4it\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4imi\'e4 voidaan k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 Rajoittuneen liikkeen k\'e4ynnistysn\'e4pp\'e4imin\'e4. Valitse haluamasi n\'e4pp\'e4in napsauttamalla sit\'e4 luetteloruudussa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99-ominaisuus helpottaa osoittimen siirt\'e4mist\'e4, kun siirto on pitk\'e4. Kun sormesi saavuttaa TouchPadin reunan, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4\'e4n samaan suuntaan, kunnes nostat sormesi pois. Valitse yksi EdgeMotion -reunaliikkeen vaihtoehdoista.\par
\par
My\'f6s virtuaalinen vieritys tukee reunaliikett\'e4. Voit ohjata EdgeMotion-reunaliikett\'e4 vierityksen aikana valitsemalla valikkopuun kohdan \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  alta vaihtoehdon \b Pitk\'e4n matkan vieritys\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion-toiminto k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 vain vedett\'e4ess\'e4\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 asetus on valittu, EdgeMotion-toiminto on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 vain napauta ja ved\'e4 -liikkeen aikana. EdgeMotion-toiminto ei ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 osoittimen tavallisen liikkeen aikana. EdgeMotion-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4minen edellytt\'e4\'e4 napautustoimintoa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Suorita reunaliike vedett\'e4ess\'e4 ja osoitettaessa\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittuna, reunaliike tapahtuu aina kun sormi saavuttaa TouchPadin reunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Ei Reunaliikett\'e4\b0\par
Osoittimen siirt\'e4minen pitk\'e4n matkan ilman reunaliikett\'e4 edellytt\'e4\'e4, ett\'e4 k\'e4yt\'e4t toistuvia sormivetoja levyll\'e4 tai suurennat osoittimen liikenopeutta hiiren ohjauspaneelista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
Valisemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n napautusalueet\b0  -valintaruudun voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 TouchPadin pinnan kaikki nelj\'e4 nurkkaa toimimaan eri painikkeina niit\'e4 napautettaessa. N\'e4it\'e4 nurkka -alueita kutsutaan \b Napautusalueiksi\b0 .\par
\par
TouchPadin keskikohdan napauttaminen saa aina aikaan ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautuksen.\par
\par
Jos poistat valinnan \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n napautusalueet\b0  -valintaruudusta, niin mink\'e4 tahansa TouchPadin kohdan napauttaminen saa aikaan ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautuksen.\par
\par
Napautusalueisiin voidaan liitt\'e4\'e4 monenlaisia toimintoja.\par
\par
Napautusalueiden ottaminen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota napautus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  on valittuna \b Napautus\b0-sivulla.\par
2.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  \b napautusalueet\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
3.\tab Valitse valikkopuusta sen Napautusalueen nimi, johon haluat liitt\'e4\'e4 toiminnon.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
Valitse napautustoiminto TouchPadin vasemmalle alanurkalle.\par
\par
Jos valitset esimerkiksi \b Keskimm\'e4isen napsautuksen\b0 , niin TouchPadin vasemman alanurkan napauttaminen saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin keskimm\'e4isen painikkeen napsautus. \b Napautusalueet\b0  otetaan pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 valitsemalla \b Ei aluetta\b0  (t\'e4ll\'f6in alueen napauttaminen vastaa ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautusta, kuten muillakin ohjauslevyn alueilla).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
Valitse napautustoiminto TouchPadin vasemmalle yl\'e4nurkalle.\par
\par
Jos valitset esimerkiksi \b Keskimm\'e4isen napsautuksen\b0 , niin TouchPadin vasemman yl\'e4nurkan napauttaminen saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin keskimm\'e4isen painikkeen napsautus. \b Napautusalueet\b0  otetaan pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 valitsemalla \b Ei aluetta\b0  (t\'e4ll\'f6in alueen napauttaminen vastaa ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautusta, kuten muillakin ohjauslevyn alueilla).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
Valitse napautustoiminto TouchPadin oikealle yl\'e4nurkalle.\par
\par
Jos valitset esimerkiksi \b Kakkosnapsautuksen\b0 , niin TouchPadin oikean yl\'e4nurkan napauttaminen saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin hiiren tai TouchPadin kakkospainikkeen painaminen. \b Napautusalueet\b0  otetaan pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 valitsemalla \b Ei aluetta\b0  (t\'e4ll\'f6in alueen napauttaminen vastaa ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautusta, kuten muillakin ohjauslevyn alueilla).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
Valitse napautustoiminto TouchPadin oikealle alanurkalle.\par
\par
Jos valitset esimerkiksi \b Kakkosnapsautuksen\b0 , niin TouchPadin oikean alanurkan napauttaminen saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin hiiren tai TouchPadin kakkospainikkeen painaminen. \b Napautusalueet\b0  otetaan pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 valitsemalla \b Ei aluetta\b0  (t\'e4ll\'f6in alueen napauttaminen vastaa ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautusta, kuten muillakin ohjauslevyn alueilla).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Painamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta saat esiin valitun toiminnon Ominaisuudet -valintaikkunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Yll\'e4 oleva kaavio esitt\'e4\'e4 TouchPadin pintaa. Ristiviivoitettu alue kuvaa TouchPadin pinnan aktiivisia Napautusalueita.\par
\par
Kun panet sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle, TouchPad-kaavion reunoihin ilmestyy nuolet, jotka n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella Napautusalueella, vastaava Napautusalue kaaviossa muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 Napautusalueiden kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yht\'e4 pienist\'e4 mustista neli\'f6ist\'e4, jotka ovat ristiviivoitettujen alueiden kulmissa.\par
\par
Jos Napautusalue-toiminnon k\'e4ynnist\'e4minen on vaikeaa, napautusalueen suurentaminen saattaa auttaa. Jos Napautusalue-toiminto k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, napautusalueen pienent\'e4minen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
Jos napautusalueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 \b Napauttaminen\b0  ja \b Napautusalueet\b0  ovat valittuina.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n osan avulla voit muokata TouchPad-painikkeitasi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Oletusarvot\b0\par
Palauttaa kaikki t\'e4m\'e4n sivun asetukset oletusarvoiksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
Reunaliikkeen nopeus voidaan asettaa painamisvoimakkuudesta riippuvaksi tai muuttumattomaksi.\par
\par
\b S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 nopeutta sormea painamalla\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto, jos haluat reunaliikkeen nopeuden kasvavan, kun painat sormeasi kovemmin TouchPadin pintaa vasten.\par
\par
\b Kiinte\'e4 nopeus\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto, jos haluat, ett\'e4 reunaliikkeen nopeus on sama koko ajan.\par
\par
\b S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 reunaliikkeen nopeutta\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4din s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 reunaliikkeen nopeutta, kun \b Kiinte\'e4 nopeus\b0  on valittuna. Voit valita reunaliikkeen nopeuden s\'e4\'e4t\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 asetusten \b Hidas\b0  ja \b Nopea\b0  v\'e4lill\'e4.\par
\par
Jos sivulla olevat asetukset ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 EdgeMotion on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. EdgeMotion otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta \b EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Valitse yksi \b Suorita EdgeMotion\b0  -vaihtoehdoista.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Reunaliikkeen nopeus\b0  valikkopuusta ja palaa t\'e4lle sivulle.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu on valittuna, reunaliikkeen nopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sen mukaan, kuinka kovasti sormea painetaan TouchPadia vasten.\par
\par
Kun valintaruutu ei ole valittuna, osoitin liikkuu liukus\'e4\'e4timen asetuksen mukaisella nopeudella sormen ollessa reunaliikealueella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu, jos haluat, ett\'e4 reunaliikkeen nopeus on muuttumaton.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
TouchPadin pinnan napauttaminen vastaa TouchPadin "hiiren" ykk\'f6spainikkeen painamista. Napauttaminen on yleens\'e4 kuitenkin nopeampaa ja helpompaa kuin hiiripainikkeiden k\'e4ytt\'e4minen.\par
\par
"Napauttaminen" tarkoittaa TouchPadin pinnan nopeaa sormella koskettamista, mink\'e4 j\'e4lkeen sormi otetaan heti pois TouchPadin pinnalta. Kevyt, nopea napautus toimii parhaiten. Eritt\'e4in kovat tai hitaat napautukset eiv\'e4t ole yht\'e4 tehokkaita. Yksi napautus vastaa yht\'e4 napsautusta ja kaksi kertaa per\'e4kk\'e4in nopeasti tehty napautus kaksoisnapsautusta.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota napautus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu. My\'f6s TouchPadin painikkeita voidaan k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 napsauttamiseen. Jos poistat valinnan t\'e4st\'e4 valintaruudusta, TouchPadin painikkeet ovat ainut napsautuskeino.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Virtuaalisen vierityksen opetusohjelma\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n yksinkertaisen sokkelon avulla opit k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n Virtuaalinen vieritys -toimintoa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Kun \b Napsautus napauttamalla\b0  -valintaruutu ei ole valittuna, napsautuksen aikaansaamiseksi on painettava varsinaisia TouchPadin painikkeita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Ved\'e4 napauttamalla uudelleen ja pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu, jos haluat vet\'e4\'e4 kohteita ja valintoja TouchPadia napauttamalla. Kun haluat vet\'e4\'e4 kohdetta, napauta sit\'e4 kaksi kertaa ja j\'e4t\'e4 sormesi alas TouchPadin pinnalle toisen napautuksen j\'e4lkeen. Siirr\'e4 valittua kohdetta sormeasi TouchPadin pinnalla liikuttamalla ja pudota sitten kohde nostamalla sormesi. T\'e4ll\'e4 saadaan aikaan sama toiminto kuin painamalla hiiren painiketta, siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 hiirt\'e4 ja vapauttamalla hiiren painike.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Lukitut vedot\b0\par
\b Lukitut vedot\b0  -toiminnon avulla kohteita voidaan vet\'e4\'e4 n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 pitki\'e4 matkoja useita sormivetoja k\'e4ytt\'e4en. Kun \b Lukitut vedot\b0  on valittuna, veto jatkuu sen j\'e4lkeen, kun nostat sormesi TouchPadilta. Voit pudottaa kohteen ja lopettaa vedon napauttamalla uudelleen TouchPadia tai mit\'e4 tahansa painiketta. \b Lukittujen vetojen\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6 edellytt\'e4\'e4, ett\'e4 my\'f6s \b Napauttaminen\b0- ja \b Ved\'e4 napauttamalla uudelleen ja pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4\b0  -ominaisuudet on valittuna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
PalmCheck\b\'99\b0 -ominaisuus suojaa vahingossa tapahtuvilta TouchPadin kosketuksilta. PalmCheckin avulla TouchPad pystyy tunnistamaan sen, ett\'e4 k\'e4mmenesi lep\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4 vasten tai pyyhk\'e4isee sen pintaa kirjoittamisen aikana. T\'e4m\'e4 auttaa est\'e4m\'e4\'e4n tahattomat osoittimen liikkeet ja napsautukset.\par
\par
Jos TouchPadin toiminnassa esiintyy tahattomia osoittimen liikkeit\'e4 tai napsautuksia, suurenna PalmCheck -asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Maksimia\b0 . Jos TouchPad ei havaitse liikkeit\'e4 tai napsautuksia, pienenn\'e4 PalmCheck-asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Minimi\'e4\b0 . Liikkeiden tai napautusten j\'e4\'e4minen huomaamatta on todenn\'e4k\'f6isemp\'e4\'e4, jos liukus\'e4\'e4din on punaisella alueella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0 -liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4, kuinka kovasti sormea on painettava ennen kuin TouchPad reagoi.\par
\par
Jos osoittimen liike ja napsautukset ovat ep\'e4tarkkoja, v\'e4henn\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
Jos TouchPadin k\'e4ytt\'f6 edellytt\'e4\'e4 kovaa painamista tai se ei aina reagoi napautuksiin, suurenna herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Kevyt kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Vierit\'e4 valittua kohdetta\b0\par
Vierit\'e4 valittua kohdetta pyrkii aina vieritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n sit\'e4 aktiivisen sovelluksen ikkunaa, joka reagoi n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n painikkeisiin. Vaikka osoitin ei olisi aktiivisessa sovelluksessa, toiminto silti vieritt\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa, joka reagoi n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n painikkeisiin.\par
Esimerkiksi jos napsautat Windowsin Resurssienhallinnassa vasemman puoleista ruutua ja alat vieritt\'e4\'e4, toiminto vieritt\'e4\'e4 hakemistorakennepuuta osoittimen sijainnista riippumatta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Valitse\b  Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n reunaliike vieritett\'e4ess\'e4\b0  -valintaruutu, jos haluat vierityksen jatkuvan, kun sormesi saavuttaa TouchPadin reunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Valinta painamalla tarkoittaa kakkosnapsautusta\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittuna, osoitintikun napauttaminen tai painaminen vastaa hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsautusta. Hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsautusta k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n yleens\'e4 aihekohtaisen ponnahdusvalikon avaamiseen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
\b Rullaus\b0 -ominaisuus helpottaa pitkien asiakirjojen l\'e4pi vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Kun Rullaus on valittuna, Virtuaalinen vieritys jatkuu sen j\'e4lkeen, kun olet nostanut sormesi pois TouchPadin pinnalta. Kun haluat k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 rullausta, siirr\'e4 ja nosta sormesi yhdell\'e4 tasaisella liikkeell\'e4. Voit lopettaa rullauksen asettamalla sormesi takaisin TouchPadin pinnalle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
Ota vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\par
T\'e4m\'e4n ruudun valitseminen ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vaakasuunnassa tapahtuvan virtuaalisen vierityksen ikkunoissa, joissa on vaakavierityspalkit. Sormen siirt\'e4minen edestakaisin TouchPadin alareunassa vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta vaakasuunnassa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun valitseminen ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pystyvierityksen. Sormen siirt\'e4minen edestakaisin TouchPadin oikeassa reunassa vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta pystysuunnassa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Yll\'e4 oleva kaavio esitt\'e4\'e4 TouchPadin pintaa. Ristiviivoitettu alue kuvaa TouchPadin pinnan Virtuaalinen vieritys -alueita.\par
\par
Kun panet sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle, TouchPad -kaavion reunoihin ilmestyy nuolet, jotka n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella Virtuaalinen vieritys -alueella, vastaava Virtuaalinen vieritys -alue kaaviossa muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 Virtuaalinen vieritys -alueiden kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yht\'e4 pienist\'e4 mustista neli\'f6ist\'e4, jotka ovat ristiviivoitettujen alueiden kulmissa.\par
\par
Jos Virtuaalisen vierityksen k\'e4ynnist\'e4minen on vaikeaa, tee virtuaalisen vierityksen alueesta suurempi siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristiviivoitetun alueen reunoja sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos Virtuaalinen vieritys -toiminto k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, virtuaalisen vierityksen alueen pienent\'e4minen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
Jos virtuaalisen vierityksen alueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 Virtuaalinen vieritys on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. Virtuaalinen vieritys otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0 .\par
2.\tab Valitse haluamasi \b Ota vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudut.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Vieritysalue\b0  valikkopuusta ja palaa t\'e4lle sivulle.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Harjoittelu-painike\b0\par
\b Harjoittelu\b0 -painikkeen painaminen k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4\b  Virtuaalisen vierityksen\b0  opetusohjelman. T\'e4m\'e4n yksinkertaisen sokkelon avulla opit k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n Virtuaalista vierityst\'e4.\par
\par
HUOMAUTUS: Varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0- ja \b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudut ovat valittuina.\par
\par
Ennen kuin aloitat, etsi sokkelosta aloitus -ja lopetuskohta. Et voi n\'e4hd\'e4 koko sokkeloa kerralla, koska se on suurempi kuin sen ikkuna. Siirr\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 ikkunassa Virtuaalisen vierityksen avulla. Voit l\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 tai loitontaa sokkeloa pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 Ctrl-n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna ja k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 Virtuaalista vierityst\'e4.\par
\par
Sokkelon vasemmassa yl\'e4kulmassa oleva keltainen t\'e4pl\'e4 tarkoittaa sokkelon sis\'e4\'e4nk\'e4ynti\'e4. Sokkelon oikealla puolella oleva sininen t\'e4pl\'e4 tarkoittaa sokkelon ulosk\'e4ynti\'e4.\par
\par
Aloittaminen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aloita napsauttamalla keltaisessa t\'e4pl\'e4ss\'e4 olevaa punaista neli\'f6t\'e4.\par
2.\tab Sokkelossa liikkuminen tapahtuu nuolin\'e4pp\'e4imi\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4en tai TouchPadia napauttamalla.\par
3.\tab Siirr\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 Virtuaalisen vierityksen avulla.\par
4.\tab Kun olet saavuttanut oikeassa alanurkassa olevan sinisen t\'e4pl\'e4n, napsauta Virtuaalisen vierityksen harjoitus -ikkunan Sulje-painiketta.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 voit ohjata \b Virtuaalisen vierityksen\b0  nopeutta. Liukus\'e4\'e4timen vet\'e4minen oikealle lis\'e4\'e4 vieritysnopeutta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
T\'e4ss\'e4 osassa voidaan mukauttaa osoittimen liikett\'e4. Saat lis\'e4tietoja valitsemalla haluamasi kohdan ohjeen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Valinta ja veto painamalla\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto, jos haluat, ett\'e4 painaminen vastaa valintaa ja vetoa ja napauttaminen vain valintaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
\b Hidas liike\b0  -ominaisuuden avulla voit hidastaa osoittimen nopeutta osoitus -ja sijoitustarkkuuden lis\'e4\'e4miseksi. Hidas liike otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 tietty\'e4 painiketta painettuna osoitinta liikutettaessa.\par
\par
Hidas liike -ominaisuuden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ottaminen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Ota luetteloruudussa olevat vaihtoehdot k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota hidas liike k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Valitse luetteloruudusta n\'e4pp\'e4in, jolla Hidas liike -toiminto k\'e4ynnistet\'e4\'e4n.\par
3.\tab Voit hidastaa osoittimen liikett\'e4 milloin tahansa pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 valittua n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen automaattisesti oletuspainikkeeseen aina kun n\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulee valintaikkuna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Haluat ehk\'e4 joskus rajoittaa osoittimen liikkeen tapahtumaan vain vaaka- tai pystysuoraan. M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4 rajoitetun osoittimen n\'e4pp\'e4in ja pid\'e4 sen j\'e4lkeen kyseist\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna siirt\'e4ess\'e4si osoitinta. Osoittimen suunta n\'e4pp\'e4imen painohetkell\'e4 m\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 sen, voiko osoitin liikkua vain vaakasuuntaan vai pystysuuntaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
Osoittimen virkistystaajuuden \b Nopea\b0-asetuksella saadaan yleens\'e4 aikaan eritt\'e4in tasainen osoittimen liike. Jos osoitin kuitenkin vaikuttaa ep\'e4vakaalta tai vilkkuu n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, virkistystaajuuden \b Hidas\b0-asetuksen valitseminen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Synaptics TouchPadin ominaisuudet -sivun avulla voit tehd\'e4 TouchPadia koskevia asetuksia. N\'e4m\'e4 sivut sijaitsevat Hiiren ominaisuudet -ohjauspaneelissa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Voit k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 Internet-selaimesi ja siirty\'e4 suoraan t\'e4h\'e4n linkkiin napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panorointi tarkoittaa jatkuvaa vierityst\'e4. Voit panoroida vaakasuunnassa, pystysuunnassa tai kulmittain molempiin suuntiin!\par
\par
Huomaa, ett\'e4 panorointi toimii vain sovelluksissa, jotka tukevat Microsoft Intellimouse -hiirt\'e4, ja ett\'e4 panorointisuuntia on rajoitettu monissa kyseisiss\'e4 sovelluksissa (esimerkkej\'e4: Microsoft Word sallii panoroinnin vain pystysuunnassa, Microsoft Excel sallii panoroinnin pysty- ja vaakasuunnassa mutta ei kulmittain).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zoomaus tarkoittaa asiakirjan suurennuksen muuttamista. L\'e4hent\'e4minen lis\'e4\'e4 suurennusta ja loitontaminen pienent\'e4\'e4 suurennusta.\par
\par
Huomaa, ett\'e4 zoomaus toimii vain sovelluksissa, jotka tukevat Microsoft Intellimouse -hiirt\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 toiminto siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen automaattisesti teht\'e4v\'e4palkin K\'e4ynnistys -painikkeeseen ja avaa k\'e4ynnistysvalikon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Siirry nykyisen ikkunan valikkoon\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 toiminto siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen automaattisesti nykyisen ikkunan valikon vasemmanpuoleisimpaan kohtaan (yleens\'e4 Tiedosto-valikko).\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus ei ehk\'e4 toimi kaikissa ikkunoissa, jos niiss\'e4 on tavallisesta poikkeavat valikot.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 pienent\'e4\'e4 nykyisen ikkunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 suurentaa nykyisen ikkunan, niin ett\'e4 se peitt\'e4\'e4 koko n\'e4yt\'f6n. Jos nykyinen ikkuna on jo suurennettu, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto palauttaa sen alkuper\'e4iseen kokoon ja paikkaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 palauttaa pienennetyn tai suurennetun ikkunan sen alkuper\'e4iseen kokoon ja paikkaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 suorittaa m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4si ohjelman automaattisesti. Kun t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto on valittu, voit valita k\'e4ynnistett\'e4v\'e4n ohjelman napsauttamalla yhdistelm\'e4ruudun vieress\'e4 olevaa Ominaisuudet-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon avulla voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 koko TouchPadin pintaa virtuaalisen vierityksen ohjaamiseen\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . Saat palautettua TouchPadin normaalin toiminnan suorittamalla t\'e4h\'e4n liittyv\'e4n sormiliikkeen uudelleen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Jos aktiivisena sovelluksena on selain, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto tuo esiin selaimen puskurissa olevan edellisen sivun.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Jos aktiivisena sovelluksena on selain, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto tuo esiin selaimen puskurissa olevan seuraavan sivun.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 oletusselaimen ja avaa www-sivun. Kun t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto on valittu, voit valita avattavan www-sivun napsauttamalla yhdistelm\'e4ruudun vieress\'e4 olevaa Ominaisuudet -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Jos aktiivisena sovelluksena on selain, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto lataa nykyisen www-sivun uudelleen sen l\'e4hteest\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Jos aktiivisena sovelluksena on selain, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto keskeytt\'e4\'e4 nykyisen www-sivun lataamisen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Kahden sormen liikkeeksi kutsutaan sit\'e4, ett\'e4 TouchPadin pinnalle asetetaan kaksi sormea, joita siirret\'e4\'e4n tiettyyn suuntaan. TouchPad pystyy tunnistamaan t\'e4llaiset liikkeet kahdeksaan p\'e4\'e4suuntaan. T\'e4m\'e4n sivun avulla voit mukauttaa TouchPadin toimintaa sen havaitessa \b sormiliikkeen\b0 .\par
\par
\b Sormiliikkeiden\b0  k\'e4sittely otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n merkitsem\'e4ll\'e4 \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -ruutu. Valitse sitten toiminto avattavasta luettelosta kullekin \b sormiliikkeen\b0  suunnalle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin vasemmassa yl\'e4osassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin yl\'e4osassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin vasemmassa yl\'e4osassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin vasemmassa osassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin oikeassa alaosassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin alaosassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin vasemmassa alaosassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
Valitse TouchPadin vasemmassa osassa suoritettava toiminto kahden \b sormen liikkeelle\b0 .\par
\par
Esimerkki: jos valitset \b Paina Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4\b0 , t\'e4m\'e4 liike saa aikaan saman toiminnon kuin n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n Page Up -n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Nauhoita ja toista n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6makro\b0\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4 toiminto toistaa nauhoitetun n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallusten sarjan. Valittuasi t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon voit nauhoittaa toistettavan n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallusten sarjan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b N\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6makrojen nauhoitus -valintaikkuna\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n valintaikkunan avulla voit nauhoittaa n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallusten sarjoja my\'f6hemp\'e4\'e4 toistamista varten. T\'e4llaisia nauhoitettuja n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallusten sarjoja kutsutaan yleens\'e4 \i n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6makroiksi\i0 .\par
\par
Aloita makron nauhoitus painamalla \b K\'e4ynnist\'e4\b0-painiketta. T\'e4m\'e4n j\'e4lkeen \b Pys\'e4yt\'e4\b0-painike tulee toimivaksi ja \b K\'e4ynnist\'e4\b0-painike poistuu k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 merkkin\'e4 siit\'e4, ett\'e4 nauhoitus on k\'e4ynniss\'e4. Koska kaikki n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n painallukset nauhoitetaan, ainut tapa poistua nauhoitustilasta on painaa Pys\'e4yt\'e4 -painiketta hiirell\'e4.\par
\par
Kun nauhoitus ei ole k\'e4ynniss\'e4, \b Tyhjenn\'e4\b0-painikkeella voidaan tyhjent\'e4\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4inpainalluspuskuriin nauhoitetut komennot. Nauhoituksen aikana t\'e4m\'e4 painike toimii askelpalautinn\'e4pp\'e4imen\'e4. \b Edellinen\b0-painikkeen painaminen poistaa n\'e4pp\'e4inpainalluspuskuriin nauhoitetun viimeisen komennon. Huomaa, ett\'e4 nauhoituksen aikana \b Edellinen\b0-painiketta on painettava hiirell\'e4.\par
\par
Nauhoitetut n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallukset n\'e4kyv\'e4t my\'f6s nauhoitusvalintaikkunan teksti -ikkunassa. Kirjain-, numero -ja v\'e4limerkkin\'e4pp\'e4imet n\'e4kyv\'e4t teksti-ikkunassa aivan samalla tavalla kuin kirjoitetussa asiakirjassakin. Tulostumattomat merkit n\'e4kyv\'e4t teksti-ikkunassa hakasuluissa olevina kuvaavina tunnuksina.\par
\par
Jotta teksti-ikkunaa olisi helpompi lukea, useimmat n\'e4pp\'e4imet tulevat n\'e4kyviin vain kun niit\'e4 painetaan. Tilan\'e4pp\'e4imet (kuten \b Vaihto\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  ja \b Alt\b0 ) tulevat teksti-ikkunaan kuitenkin sek\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettaessa ett\'e4 se vapautettaessa. N\'e4in on mahdollista l\'f6yt\'e4\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n tilamuutokset teksti-ikkunaa lukemalla.\par
\par
Huomaa, ettei teksti-ikkunaa voi muokata suoraan. Et voi esimerkiksi lis\'e4t\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 aiemmin nauhoitetun sarjan keskelle. Voit tehd\'e4 t\'e4m\'e4n vain tyhjent\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 nauhoitettujen n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallusten puskurin ja nauhoittamalla halutut n\'e4pp\'e4inpainallukset uudelleen.\par
\par
Kun nauhoitus on valmis, tallenna se painamalla \b OK\b0  tai poista se painamalla \b Peruuta\b0 . Jommankumman painikkeen painaminen sulkee valintaikkunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
Valitse toiminto t\'e4lle TouchPadin painikkeelle. Voit mukauttaa painiketta, niin ett\'e4 se saa aikaan jonkin avattavassa luettelossa olevan toiminnon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 aikaa, joka saa kulua napsautusten v\'e4lill\'e4 hiiren ykk\'f6spainiketta kaksoisnapsautettaessa. Jos olet kokematon hiiren k\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4, kaksoisnapsauttaminen saattaa olla helpompaa, jos siirr\'e4t liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti hidasta asetusta. Voit testata kaksoisnapsautusnopeuden kaksoisnapsauttamalla testialueella olevaa kuvaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Paikka, jossa voit testata hiiresi kaksoisnapsautusnopeutta. Jos vieteriukko tulee esiin tai katoaa, kaksoisnapsautuksesi tunnistettiin.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 nopeutta, jolla osoitin liikkuu n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
M\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, kuinka nopeasti hiiriosoitin kiihtyy maksiminopeuteensa. Kiihdytys saa hiiriosoittimen liikkumaan kauemmaksi hiirt\'e4 nopeasti siirrett\'e4ess\'e4. Kun kiihdytyst\'e4 ei valita, hiiriosoitin liikkuu samalla nopeudella kuin hiiri.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 lis\'e4\'e4 j\'e4ljen hiiriosoittimeen, mik\'e4 helpottaa sen n\'e4kemist\'e4 nestekiden\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. Osoittimen j\'e4ljen pituutta voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Merkitse t\'e4m\'e4 ruutu, jos haluat ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n yleiset vieritysominaisuudet. Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 vieritysominaisuudet napsauttamalla Asetukset-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 vieritysominaisuudet napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kahden sormen liikkeiden ominaisuudet napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kolmen sormen liikkeiden ominaisuudet napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 napautusalueen ominaisuudet napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion-ominaisuudet napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Kun \b Poista laite k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0  on valittuna, nykyinen osoitinlaite ei en\'e4\'e4 tarjoa osoittimen liikett\'e4, vierityst\'e4 tai muita toimintoja.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Kahden sormen liikkeeksi kutsutaan sit\'e4, ett\'e4 TouchPadin pinnalle asetetaan kaksi sormea, joita siirret\'e4\'e4n tiettyyn suuntaan. TouchPad pystyy tunnistamaan t\'e4llaiset liikkeet kahdeksaan p\'e4\'e4suuntaan.\par
\par
\b Kahden sormen liikkeiden\b0  k\'e4sittely otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n merkitsem\'e4ll\'e4 \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kahden sormen liikkeet\b0  -ruutu. Napsauttamalla t\'e4m\'e4n j\'e4lkeen kahden sormen liikkeen painiketta voit mukauttaa TouchPadin toimintaa sen havaitessa \b kahden sormen liikkeen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Kolmen sormen liikkeeksi kutsutaan sit\'e4, ett\'e4 TouchPadin pinnalle asetetaan kolme sormea, joita siirret\'e4\'e4n tiettyyn suuntaan. TouchPad pystyy tunnistamaan t\'e4llaiset liikkeet kahteen p\'e4\'e4suuntaan.\par
\par
\b Kolmen sormen liikkeiden\b0  k\'e4sittely otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n merkitsem\'e4ll\'e4 \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kolmen sormen liikkeet\b0  -ruutu. Napsauttamalla t\'e4m\'e4n j\'e4lkeen \b kolmen sormen\b0  asetusten painiketta voit mukauttaa TouchPadin toimintaa sen havaitessa \b kolmen sormen liikkeen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
\b Sormiliikkeeksi\b0  kutsutaan sit\'e4, ett\'e4 TouchPadin pinnalle asetetaan kaksi tai kolme sormea, joita siirret\'e4\'e4n tiettyyn suuntaan. TouchPad pystyy tunnistamaan t\'e4llaiset liikkeet kahdeksaan p\'e4\'e4suuntaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n millaisen tahansa joukon kahden tai kolmen sormen liikkeit\'e4. Sormiliikkeiden k\'e4sittely otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n merkitsem\'e4ll\'e4 haluttu \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -ruutu. Napsauttamalla t\'e4m\'e4n j\'e4lkeen Asetukset -painiketta voit mukauttaa TouchPadin toimintaa sen havaitessa kolmen sormen liikkeen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 on pieni TouchPadin kartta, jossa napautusalueet n\'e4kyv\'e4t ristiviivoitettuina. Napautusalueita voidaan suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 mustia koonmuutoskahvoja vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4. Kartan sivuilla olevat nuolet n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin TouchPadilla. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella napautusalueella, vastaava napautusalue kartalla muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Vain valinta painamalla\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto, jos haluat, ett\'e4 tikun napauttaminen tai painaminen suorittaa toiminnon ilman vet\'e4mist\'e4. T\'e4m\'e4 vastaa yht\'e4 hiiren napsautusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 on luettelo kaikista n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'e4, joilla voidaan aktivoida hitaan liikkeen tila. Valitse haluamasi n\'e4pp\'e4in napsauttamalla sit\'e4 luetteloruudussa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 reunaliikkeen nopeutta\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4din s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion-nopeutta, kun \b Kiinte\'e4 nopeus\b0  on valittuna.\par
Voit valita EdgeMotion-nopeuden s\'e4\'e4t\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 asetusten \b Hidas\b0  ja \b Nopea\b0  v\'e4lill\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
M\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 t\'e4m\'e4n painikkeen toiminto valitsemalla se luetteloruudusta. Monet toiminnoista eiv\'e4t edellyt\'e4 lis\'e4asetuksia. Jos lis\'e4tietoja kuitenkin tarvitaan, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee esiin m\'e4\'e4rityst\'e4 varten. Voit napsauttaa \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta milloin tahansa n\'e4hd\'e4ksesi toimintaan liittyv\'e4t asetukset tai muuttaaksesi niit\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
M\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 t\'e4m\'e4n napautusalueen toiminto valitsemalla se luetteloruudusta. Monet toiminnoista eiv\'e4t edellyt\'e4 lis\'e4asetuksia. Jos lis\'e4tietoja kuitenkin tarvitaan, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai esiin tulee valintaikkuna m\'e4\'e4rityst\'e4 varten. Voit napsauttaa \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta milloin tahansa n\'e4hd\'e4ksesi toimintaan liittyv\'e4t asetukset tai muuttaaksesi niit\'e4.\par
\par
Napautusalueisiin voidaan yhdist\'e4\'e4 monenlaisia toimintoja. K\'e4ytett\'e4viss\'e4si voi olla my\'f6s lis\'e4toimintoja, jos sinulla on asennettuna jonkin muun valmistajan TouchPad-laajennusohjelmisto.\par
\par
\ul\b Napautusalueiden toiminnot\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Siirry K\'e4ynnist\'e4-painikkeeseen\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 toiminto siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen automaattisesti Windowsin teht\'e4v\'e4palkin \b K\'e4ynnist\'e4\b0-painikkeeseen ja avaa automaattisesti \b k\'e4ynnistysvalikon\b0 .\par
\par
\b Pienenn\'e4 nykyinen sovellus\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 pienent\'e4\'e4 nykyisen sovelluksen ikkunan. Jos nykyisen sovelluksen ikkuna on jo pienennetty, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto palauttaa sen normaaliin kokoon ja paikkaan.\par
\par
\b Suurenna nykyinen sovellus\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 suurentaa nykyisen sovelluksen ikkunan (niin ett\'e4 se peitt\'e4\'e4 koko n\'e4yt\'f6n). Jos nykyisen sovelluksen ikkuna on jo suurennettu, t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto palauttaa sen normaaliin kokoon ja paikkaan.\par
\par
\b Suorita haluamasi ohjelma\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon avulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 mink\'e4 tahansa ohjelman, jonka haluat suoritettavaksi automaattisesti napsauttaessasi painiketta tai napauttaessasi napautusaluetta.\par
\par
Jos luetteloruudun vaihtoehdot ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi valita, varmista, ett\'e4 \b Napauttaminen\b0  ja \b Napautusalueet\b0  ovat k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Patentti-ilmoitukset\par
Vierityksen valinta\par
J\'e4rjestelm\'e4asetukset\par
Laiteasetukset\par
p\'e4\'e4ll\'e4\par
Tahmeat reunat\par
Ota tahmeat reunat k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\par
Suorita reunaliike vain &vedett\'e4ess\'e4\par
Suorita reunaliike vedett\'e4ess\'e4 ja &osoitettaessa\par
Ei Reunaliikett\'e4\par
Virtuaalinen vieritys\par
Kiinte\'e4 nopeus\par
Vain valinta painamalla\par
Valitse veto painamalla\par
Valitse toiminto painamalla\par
Valinta painamalla on sama kuin ykk\'f6snapsautus\par
Valitse kohde\par
Painikkeet\par
Ota painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\par
Napautus ja veto\par
Pitk\'e4n matkan vieritys\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
\b Napautus ja veto\b0  -ominaisuus vastaa hiiripainikkeiden toimintoja.\par
\par
\b Ved\'e4 napauttamalla uudelleen ja pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu, jos haluat vet\'e4\'e4 kohteita ilman hiiren tai TouchPadin painikkeen painamista. Kun haluat vet\'e4\'e4 kohdetta, napauta sit\'e4 kaksi kertaa ja j\'e4t\'e4 sormesi alas TouchPadin pinnalle toisen napautuksen j\'e4lkeen. Siirr\'e4 valittua kohdetta sormeasi TouchPadin pinnalla liikuttamalla ja pudota sitten kohde nostamalla sormesi.\par
\par
\b Lukitut vedot\b0\par
\b Lukitut vedot\b0  -toiminnon avulla kohteita voidaan vet\'e4\'e4 n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 pitki\'e4 matkoja useita sormivetoja k\'e4ytt\'e4en. Kun\b  Lukitut vedot\b0  on valittuna, veto jatkuu sen j\'e4lkeen, kun nostat sormesi TouchPadilta. Voit pudottaa kohteen ja lopettaa vedon napauttamalla TouchPadia uudelleen. \b Lukittujen vetojen\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6 edellytt\'e4\'e4, ett\'e4 my\'f6s\b  Ved\'e4 napauttamalla uudelleen ja pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4\b0  -ominaisuus on valittuna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
\b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -ominaisuuden avulla voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 n\'e4yt\'f6n n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 yhdell\'e4 sormen vedolla. Virtuaalinen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vierityspalkkeja automaattisesti, joten sinun ei tarvitse siirt\'e4\'e4 osoitinta pois ty\'f6st\'e4si. Virtuaalinen vieritys toimii useimpien vieritett\'e4vien ikkunoiden kanssa (kuten tekstink\'e4sittelyn asiakirjat, laskentataulukot ja suuret digitaalikuvat). Se toimii my\'f6s muiden vieritett\'e4vien kohteiden, kuten tiedosto -ja fonttiluettelojen, kanssa. Virtuaalisella vierityksell\'e4 saadaan aikaan helpoin ja tasaisin vieritys kaikissa sovelluksissa. Jos haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 pystysuunnassa, napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta ja liikuta sormea edestakaisin yl\'f6s ja alas TouchPadin oikeassa reunassa. T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -tai\b  Ota vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.Jos virtuaalinen vieritys ei reagoi, varmista, ett\'e4 haluttu \b Ota vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu on valittu ja ett\'e4 napsautettua ikkunaa tai kohdetta voidaan vieritt\'e4\'e4. Jos t\'e4m\'e4 ei auta, tarkista \b Vieritysalue\b0-asetukset.\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
\b Herkkyys\b0 -asetusten avulla voit mukauttaa sit\'e4, kuinka TouchPad reagoi kosketukseesi.\par
\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 herkkyysasetuksia valitsemalla kohteen \b Herkkyys\b0  -valikkopuusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Yll\'e4 oleva kaavio esitt\'e4\'e4 TouchPadin pintaa. Ristiviivoitettu alue kuvaa TouchPadin pinnan reunaliikealueita.\par
\par
Kun panet sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle, TouchPad-kaavion reunoihin ilmestyy nuolet, jotka n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella reunaliikealueella, vastaava reunaliikealue kaaviossa muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 reunaliikealueiden kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yht\'e4 pienist\'e4 mustista neli\'f6ist\'e4, jotka ovat ristiviivoitettujen alueiden kulmissa.\par
\par
Jos EdgeMotionin k\'e4ynnist\'e4minen on vaikeaa, tee reunaliikealueesta suurempi siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristiviivoitetun alueen reunoja sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos EdgeMotion k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, reunaliikealueen pienent\'e4minen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
Jos reunaliikealueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 EdgeMotion on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. EdgeMotion otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta \b Reunaliike\b0 .\par
2.\tab Valitse yksi \b Suorita reunaliike\b0  -vaihtoehdoista.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Reunaliikealue\b0  valikkopuusta ja palaa t\'e4lle sivulle.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Patentti-ilmoitukset\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ohjelmisto ja siihen liittyv\'e4 sy\'f6tt\'f6laite ja/tai sy\'f6tt\'f6laitteen k\'e4ytt\'f6 on suojattu seuraavilla patenteilla:\par
\par
\b Eurooppa, patenttinumero:\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Korea, patenttinumero:\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Singapore, patenttinumero:\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Taiwan, patenttinumero:\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b Kiina, patenttinumero:\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Patenttinumero Hongkongissa:\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Japani, patenttinumero:\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Yhdysvallat, patenttinumero:\b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
sek\'e4 muilla patenteilla ja patenttihakemuksilla.\par
\par
\b Tuotemerkit\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, ChiralMotion-logo, Scrybe-logo ja Synaptics-logo ovat Synaptics Incorporatedin Yhdysvalloissa ja/tai muissa maissa rekister\'f6imi\'e4 tavaramerkkej\'e4. Kaikki muut mainitut tuotteiden ja yritysten nimet ovat omistajiensa rekister\'f6ityj\'e4 tavaramerkkej\'e4.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Kaikki oikeudet pid\'e4tet\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
\b Tahmeat reunat\b0  -ominaisuus pit\'e4\'e4 osoittimen aktiivisen ikkunan sis\'e4ll\'e4. Kun yrit\'e4t siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen ikkunan ulkopuolelle, se pys\'e4htyy ikkunan reunaan. Jos yrit\'e4t toisen kerran, osoitin on vapaa poistumaan ikkunasta.\par
\par
Osoittimen pys\'e4ytt\'e4minen ikkunan reunaan helpottaa ikkunan reunoissa olevien asetuksien k\'e4ytt\'f6\'e4. Jos esimerkiksi haluat muuttaa ikkunan kokoa, voit siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen nopeasti sulkemisruudun tai ikkunan kulman suuntaan ja osoitin pys\'e4htyy tarkalleen siihen mihin haluat.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota tahmeat reunat k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 sivulla olevat painikkeet ohjaavat Valinta painamalla -ominaisuuden toimintaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Vieritysnopeus\b0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 s\'e4\'e4det\'e4\'e4n ikkunan vieritysnopeutta, jota k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n liikutettaessa sormea virtuaalisen vierityksen alueella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 s\'e4\'e4det\'e4\'e4n sit\'e4, kuinka nopeasti osoitintikkua on painettava haluttaessa hiiren napsautusta vastaava toiminto.\par
\par
Jos tapahtuu tahattomia napsautuksia, s\'e4\'e4d\'e4 asetusta suuremmalle nopeudelle. Vastaavasti, jos osoitintikun k\'e4ytt\'f6 napsautuksissa on vaikeaa, s\'e4\'e4d\'e4 asetusta hitaammalle nopeudelle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
Nopeusliukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 voidaan siirt\'e4\'e4 asetusten "Hidas painaminen" (vasemmalla) ja "Nopea painaminen" (oikealla) v\'e4lill\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 m\'e4\'e4r\'e4t\'e4\'e4n se, vastaako osoitintikun painaminen kakkospainikkeen napsautusta (pikavalikko) ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautuksen sijasta (normaali valinta).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Valinta painamalla\b0  ohjaa osoitintikun Valinta painamalla -toimintoa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
\b Herkkyys\b0 -asetusten avulla voit mukauttaa sit\'e4, kuinka osoitintikku reagoi kosketukseesi.\par
\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 herkkyysasetuksia valitsemalla kohteen \b Herkkyys\b0-valikosta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0 -liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4, kuinka kovasti sormea on painettava, jotta osoitin liikkuisi tietyll\'e4 nopeudella. Jos osoitin liikkuu ep\'e4tasaisesti, liukus\'e4\'e4timen siirt\'e4minen oikealle kohti \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -asetusta saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ohjaa sit\'e4, voiko osoitintikun painamista k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kohteiden vet\'e4miseen n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Kun t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta painetaan, esiin tulee Virtuaalisen vierityksen opetusohjelma.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
T\'e4ss\'e4 kohdassa voidaan s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 TouchPadin k\'e4ytt\'e4ytymist\'e4, kun koneeseen liitet\'e4\'e4n ulkoinen PS2 -laite.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Mahdollistaa TouchPadin ja ulkoisen PS2-laitteen samanaikaisen toiminnan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Poistaa TouchPadin k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, kun ulkoinen PS2 -laite liitet\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
M\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, kuinka paljon sivua vieritet\'e4\'e4n, kun py\'f6r\'e4\'e4 py\'f6ritet\'e4\'e4n yhden pyk\'e4l\'e4n verran. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 tietyn rivim\'e4\'e4r\'e4n tai koko n\'e4yt\'f6llisen.\par
\par
"N\'e4ytt\'f6" tarkoittaa eri rivim\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4st\'e4si ikkunan koosta tai ohjelmasta riippuen. Se vastaa n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n PAGE UP- tai PAGE DOWN- n\'e4pp\'e4inten k\'e4ytt\'f6\'e4 tai vierityspalkin napsautusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Napsauta asettaaksesi rivien m\'e4\'e4r\'e4n, joka vieritet\'e4\'e4n kullakin py\'f6r\'e4n pyk\'e4l\'e4ll\'e4. Voit ehk\'e4 joutua sulkemaan ja avaamaan uudelleen sovellukset, jotta t\'e4m\'e4 asetus tulee voimaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Napsauta, jos haluat, ett\'e4 jokainen py\'f6r\'e4n pyk\'e4l\'e4 vastaa yhden n\'e4yt\'f6llisen vierityst\'e4. Voit ehk\'e4 joutua sulkemaan ja avaamaan uudelleen sovellukset, jotta t\'e4m\'e4 asetus tulee voimaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
N\'e4iden vaihtoehtojen avulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, mit\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta vieritet\'e4\'e4n virtuaalista vierityst\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4ess\'e4si. Valitse haluamasi virtuaalisen vierityksen vaihtoehdot.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Valinta painamalla -toiminto\b0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 osoitintikun suorittamaan joko hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen tai kakkospainikkeen napsautuksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen liikkeet\b0\par
Kolmen sormen liikkeess\'e4 kolmea sormea liu'utetaan TouchPadin pinnalla suoralla jatkuvalla liikkeell\'e4 ja nostetaan kaikki kolme sormea yhtaikaa pois TouchPadin pinnalta.\par
\par
Voit suorittaa kolmen sormen liikkeell\'e4 toimintoja, esimerkiksi "avaa www -sivu oletusselaimessa". Joka kerta, kun teet kolmen sormen liikkeen, www -selain avautuu automaattisesti ja lataa m\'e4\'e4ritetyn sivun.\par
\par
Ota toiminto k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kolmen sormen liikkeet\b0  -asetus. Kolmen sormen liikkeill\'e4 on kaksi mahdollista suuntaa: ylh\'e4\'e4lt\'e4 alas ja alhaalta yl\'f6s.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toiminnon seuraaville kolmen sormen liikkeille. Ne n\'e4kyv\'e4t vasemmalla olevassa valikkopuussa.\par
\par
\b Yl\'e4reuna\b0 : Kolmen sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla alareunasta yl\'e4reunaan pystysuoralla liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Alareuna\b0 : Kolmen sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla yl\'e4reunasta alareunaan pystysuoralla liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
Toiminnon m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4minen kolmen sormen liikkeelle:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kolmen sormen liikkeet\b0  -asetus on valittu.\par
2.\tab Valitse vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta asetus, joka vastaa liikkeen p\'e4\'e4ttymissuuntaa. Jos esimerkiksi haluat m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kolmen sormen liikkeen, joka alkaa alhaalta ja p\'e4\'e4ttyy yl\'f6s, valitse \b Yl\'e4reuna\b0 .\par
3.\tab Valitse valittuun liikkeeseen yhdistett\'e4v\'e4 toiminto yll\'e4 olevasta luettelosta. Valittu toiminto suoritetaan aina, kun suoritat kyseisen kolmen sormen liikkeen.\par
4.\tab Useat toiminnot eiv\'e4t vaadi lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4 kuitenkin t\'e4ytyy tehd\'e4, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike aktivoituu tai n\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulee m\'e4\'e4ritysikkuna. Napsauta \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta aina, kun haluat tarkastella tai muuttaa toiminnon m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Jos et voi valita toimintoa luettelosta, varmista, ett\'e4 asetukset ovat k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. Ota asetukset k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Kolmen sormen liikkeet\b0  vasemmalla olevasta valikosta.\par
2.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kolmen sormen liikkeet\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
3.\tab Palaa takaisin t\'e4lle sivulle valitsemalla liikkeen suunta valikkopuusta.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Kahden sormen liikkeet\b0\par
Kahden sormen liikkeess\'e4 kahta sormea liu'utetaan TouchPadin pinnalla toisesta reunasta (tai nurkasta) vastakkaiseen reunaan (tai nurkkaan) suoralla tasaisella liikkeell\'e4. Molemmat sormet nostetaan yhtaikaa pois TouchPadin pinnalta.\par
\par
Voit suorittaa kahden sormen liikkeell\'e4 toimintoja, esimerkiksi "avaa www-sivu oletusselaimessa". Joka kerta, kun teet kahden sormen liikkeen, www-selain avautuu automaattisesti ja lataa m\'e4\'e4ritetyn sivun.\par
\par
Ota toiminto k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kahden sormen liikkeet\b0  -asetus. Kahden sormen liikkeill\'e4 on kahdeksan mahdollista suuntaa.\par
\par
Kaikki liikesuunnat eiv\'e4t v\'e4ltt\'e4m\'e4tt\'e4 ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 kaikissa koneissa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toiminnon seuraaville kahden sormen liikkeille. Ne n\'e4kyv\'e4t vasemmalla olevassa valikkopuussa.\par
\par
\b Yl\'e4reuna\b0 : Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla alareunasta yl\'e4reunaan pystysuoralla liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Oikea yl\'e4kulma:\b0  Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla vasemmasta alakulmasta oikeaan yl\'e4kulmaan vinottaisella liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Oikea reuna:\b0  Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla vasemmasta reunasta oikeaan reunaan vaakasuoralla liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Oikea alakulma:\b0  Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla vasemmasta yl\'e4kulmasta oikeaan alakulmaan vinottaisella liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Alareuna\b0 : Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla yl\'e4reunasta alareunaan pystysuoralla liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Vasen alakulma:\b0  Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla oikeasta yl\'e4kulmasta vasempaan alakulmaan vinottaisella liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Vasen reuna:\b0  Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla oikeasta reunasta vasempaan reunaan vaakasuoralla liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
\b Vasen yl\'e4kulma:\b0  Kahden sormen liu'uttaminen TouchPadin pinnalla oikeasta alakulmasta vasempaan yl\'e4kulmaan vinottaisella liikkeell\'e4.\par
\par
Toiminnon m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4minen kahden sormen liikkeelle:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kahden sormen liikkeet\b0  -asetus on valittu.\par
2.\tab Valitse vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta asetus, joka vastaa liikkeen p\'e4\'e4ttymissuuntaa. Jos esimerkiksi haluat m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kahden sormen liikkeen, joka alkaa alhaalta ja p\'e4\'e4ttyy yl\'f6s, valitse \b Yl\'e4reuna\b0 .\par
3.\tab Valitse valittuun liikkeeseen yhdistett\'e4v\'e4 toiminto yll\'e4 olevasta luettelosta. Valittu toiminto suoritetaan aina, kun suoritat kyseisen kahden sormen liikkeen.\par
4.\tab Useat toiminnot eiv\'e4t vaadi lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4 kuitenkin t\'e4ytyy tehd\'e4, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike aktivoituu tai n\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulee m\'e4\'e4ritysikkuna. Napsauta \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta aina, kun haluat tarkastella tai muuttaa toiminnon m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Jos et voi valita toimintoa luettelosta, varmista, ett\'e4 asetukset ovat k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4. Ota asetukset k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Kahden sormen liikkeet\b0  vasemmalla olevasta valikosta.\par
2.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kahden sormen liikkeet\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
3.\tab Palaa takaisin t\'e4lle sivulle valitsemalla liikkeen suunta valikkopuusta.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n \b Ominaisuudet\b0-ikkunan avulla voit mukauttaa osoitinlaitteesi asetuksia. P\'e4\'e4set mukautettaviin ominaisuuksiin vasemmalla olevan valikkopuun kautta.\par
\par
\b Ominaisuudet-ikkunan k\'e4ytt\'f6\b0\par
Napsauttamalla valikkopuun ominaisuutta saat n\'e4kyviin kyseisen ominaisuuden asetuksia koskevan sivun. Joillakin ominaisuuksilla on useita sivuja asetuksia. N\'e4et kaikki ominaisuuteen liittyv\'e4t sivut napsauttamalla sen vieress\'e4 olevaa plus -merkki\'e4 (\b +\b0 ). Asetukset tulevat n\'e4kyviin valikkopuun oikealla puolella olevaan ikkunaan. N\'e4it\'e4 vaihtoehtoja ja niiden muuttamista koskevat ohjeet n\'e4kyv\'e4t t\'e4ss\'e4 tietoruudussa. Tietoruudussa olevia tietoja voi vieritt\'e4\'e4 vierityspalkilla.\par
\par
\b Palauta kaikki oletusasetukset -painike\b0\par
\b Palauta kaikki oletusasetukse t\b0  -painiketta napsauttamalla voidaan palauttaa kaikkien sivujen kaikkien asetuksien oletusarvot.\par
\par
\b Palauta sivun oletusasetukset -painike\par
Palauta sivun oletusasetukset\b0  -painiketta napsauttamalla voidaan palauttaa kaikki nykyisen sivun asetuksien oletusarvot.\par
\par
\b OK-painike\b0\par
\b OK\b0 -painikkeella tallennetaan muutokset ja suljetaan Ominaisuudet-ikkuna.\par
\par
\b Peruuta-painike\b0\par
\b Peruuta\b0-painikkeella suljetaan Ominaisuudet-ikkuna tallentamatta muutoksia ja palautetaan kaikki edelliset asetukset.\par
\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4-painike\b0\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4\b0-painike tallentaa tehdyt muutokset, mutta pit\'e4\'e4 Ominaisuudet-ikkunan auki, jotta voit tehd\'e4 lis\'e4\'e4 muutoksia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
\b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -toiminnon avulla voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 www-sivuja, asiakirjoja ja muita kohteita TouchPadin avulla. Aseta sormesi vieritysalueelle eli TouchPadin ulkoreunalle ja liikuta sormeasi py\'f6rivin liikkein. TouchPadin pinnassa on pieni kohouma, joka auttaa liikuttamaan sormea oikealla alueella. Kun olet aloittanut vieritt\'e4misen, sinun ei tarvitse en\'e4\'e4 pysytell\'e4 vieritysalueella. Aloittaminen vieritysalueella riitt\'e4\'e4. T\'e4m\'e4n j\'e4lkeen voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sormeasi kohti TouchPadin keskikohtaa ja vieritt\'e4\'e4 siin\'e4 pienill\'e4 py\'f6reill\'e4 liikkeill\'e4. Vieritys loppuu, kun nostat sormesi.\par
\par
Virtuaalisen vierityksen vaihtoehdot ovat seuraavat: pystysuora vieritys (alas ja yl\'f6s), pysty- ja vaakavieritys (alas, yl\'f6s, oikealle ja vasemmalle), vieritys\'e4\'e4net (\'e4\'e4nitehosteet) sek\'e4 ei vierityst\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Ota t\'e4m\'e4 asetus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 alas- ja yl\'f6sp\'e4in.\par
\par
Kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 alas, aseta sormi vieritysalueelle ja liikuta sormea py\'f6rivin liikkein my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 yl\'f6s, aseta sormi vieritysalueelle ja liikuta sormea py\'f6rivin liikkein vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Ota pysty -ja vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 asetus, kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 alas- ja yl\'f6sp\'e4in sek\'e4 vasemmalle ja oikealle. Vieritysalueen oikea puoli s\'e4\'e4telee pystyvierityst\'e4. Alaosa s\'e4\'e4telee vaakavierityst\'e4.\par
\par
Kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 alasp\'e4in, aseta sormi vieritysalueen oikeanpuoleiselle alueelle ja liikuta sormea py\'f6rivin liikkein my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 yl\'f6sp\'e4in, aseta sormi vieritysalueen oikeanpuoleiselle alueelle ja liikuta sormea py\'f6rivin liikkein vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 oikealle, aseta sormi vieritysalueen alaosaan ja liikuta sormea py\'f6rivin liikkein vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 vasemmalle, aseta sormi vieritysalueen alaosaan ja liikuta sormea py\'f6rivin liikkein my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Ota vieritys\'e4\'e4net k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 asetus, kun haluat ottaa vierityksen \'e4\'e4nitehosteet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
\par
HUOMAUTUS: T\'e4ll\'f6in pit\'e4\'e4 valita my\'f6s \b Pystyvieritys\b0  tai \b Pysty- ja vaakavieritys\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Vierityksen poistaminen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0\par
Jos et halua k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 Virtuaalinen vieritys -toimintoja, valitse \b Poista vieritys k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0 . Kun valitset t\'e4m\'e4n asetuksen, vieritysaluetta voi k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vieritt\'e4misen sijaan osoittamiseen ja napauttamiseen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Valaisuvaihtoehdot\b0\par
\par
LuxPad-osoitinlaitteessa on useita valaisuasetuksia. Valitse \b Ota valaistus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu, kun haluat mukauttaa LuxPad-valotehosteita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Kirkkaus\par
\b0\par
Voit valita eri kirkkaustason, kun kannettava tietokone on liitetty virtal\'e4hteeseen ja kun se toimii akulla. Eri asetuksen valitsemalla voit pident\'e4\'e4 akun k\'e4ytt\'f6ik\'e4\'e4.\par
\par
\b Ulkoinen virta\b0- ja \b Akku\b0-asetusten kirkkausvaihtoehdot ovat Himme\'e4, \b Melko kirkas\b0  ja \b Kirkas\b0 .\par
\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4n sivun vaihtoehdot on himmennetty ja poissa k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, voit ottaa ne k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta \b Valaisuvaihtoehdot\b0 . Valitse \b Ota valaistus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu ja palaa \b Kirkkaus\b0-sivulle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Valaisuaika\par
\par
Valaisuaika\b0 -sivulla on useita valotehosteiden asetuksia.\par
\par
Valitse \b Aina k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4\b0  -valintaruutu, jos haluat LuxPadin loistavan koko ajan kirjautumisen j\'e4lkeen.\par
\par
\b Valaisuaika kirjautumisen j\'e4lkeen\b0- ja \b Valaise kosketettaessa\b0  -asetukset ovat k\'e4ytett\'e4viss\'e4 vain, kun \b Aina k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4\b0  -valintaruutua ei ole valittu. Jos \b Aina k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4\b0  -valintaruutu on valittu, voit poistaa valinnan napsauttamalla ruutua.\par
\par
\b Valaisuaika kirjautumisen j\'e4lkeen\b0  -liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, miten pitk\'e4\'e4n LuxPad loistaa kirjautumisen j\'e4lkeen. Pienenn\'e4 aikaa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle ja pidenn\'e4 aikaa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle.\par
\par
Valitse \b Valaise kosketettaessa\b0  -valintaruutu, jos haluat LuxPadin loistavan, kun kosketat LuxPadin pintaa. LuxPad loistaa aina, kun kosketat sit\'e4.\par
\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4n sivun vaihtoehdot on himmennetty ja poissa k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, voit ottaa ne k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla vasemmalla olevasta valikkopuusta \b Valaisuvaihtoehdot\b0 . Valitse \b Ota valaistus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu ja palaa \b Valaisuaika\b0-sivulle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Kun haluat k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 osoitintikkua tai TouchPadia osoittimen siirt\'e4miseen, valitse kyseinen \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -asetus.\par
\par
Voit ottaa sek\'e4 osoitintikun ett\'e4 TouchPadin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n. T\'e4ll\'f6in voit siirt\'e4\'e4 osoitinta k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 niist\'e4 jompaakumpaa.\par
\par
Voit valita, otatko k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n osoitintikun vai TouchPadin painikkeet vai molemmat. Valitse t\'e4ll\'f6in kyseiset \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -asetukset.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
Jos et halua k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 jotain laitetta tai laitteen painikkeita, valitse kyseiset \b Poista k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0  -asetukset. T\'e4ll\'f6in ne eiv\'e4t aktivoidu vahingossa, kun kirjoitat tai siirr\'e4t osoitinta.\par
\par
HUOMAUTUS: Et voi poistaa sek\'e4 osoitintikkua ett\'e4 TouchPadia k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Jos haluat muuttaa \b vasemmalle painikkeelle\b0 , \b molemmille painikkeille\b0  tai \b oikealle painikkeelle\b0  m\'e4\'e4ritetty\'e4 toimintoa, napsauta avattavan valikon alanuolta ja valitse haluamasi toiminto.\par
\par
Jos valitsemasi toiminto edellytt\'e4\'e4 lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike aktivoituu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Jos avattavasta valikosta valitsemasi toiminto edellytt\'e4\'e4 lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike aktivoituu. Napsauta \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta ja kirjoita tarvittavat tiedot n\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulevaan valintaikkunaan. Tallenna tiedot ja sulje valintaikkuna napsauttamalla \b OK\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
Voit tarkastella ja muuttaa tietoja koska tahansa napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Palauta ikkunan kaikkien kohteiden oletusasetukset napsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Jos haluat k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 sormen napautusta ensisijaisena napsautuksena, valitse \b Napsautus napauttamalla\b0  -valintaruutu. Sormen napautus on nopea liike alas ja takaisin yl\'f6s.\par
\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu on tyhj\'e4, ensisijainen napsautus suoritetaan vain painamalla painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Voit vet\'e4\'e4 kohteita painamatta TouchPadin painiketta, kun valitset \b Napauta ja ved\'e4\b0  -valintaruudun.\par
\par
Valitse kohde napauttamalla sit\'e4, paina sormi nopeasti takaisin TouchPadille ja ved\'e4 kohdetta liikuttamalla sormea haluamaasi suuntaan. Vapauta kohde nostamalla sormi TouchPadilta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Jos haluat vet\'e4\'e4 kohteita n\'e4yt\'f6n poikki ja nostaa sormesi v\'e4lill\'e4 yl\'f6s, valitse \b Lukitut vedot\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
Kun k\'e4yt\'e4t lukittuja vetoja, valitse kohde napauttamalla sit\'e4 ja siirr\'e4 kohde haluamaasi paikkaan tarvittavalla m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ll\'e4 vetoja. Sormea ei tarvitse pit\'e4\'e4 kiinni TouchPadilla. Valittu kohde vapautuu vasta, kun napautat TouchPadia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, miten voimakkaasti sormella tulee painaa TouchPadia k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4. Jos osoitin liikkuu ep\'e4tasaisesti, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Jos haluat est\'e4\'e4 tahattomat osoittimen liikkeet ja napsautukset kirjoitettaessa, valitse \b Ota PalmCheck k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon avulla TouchPad pystyy tunnistamaan sen, ett\'e4 k\'e4tesi lep\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4 vasten tai pyyhk\'e4isee sen pintaa kirjoittamisen aikana.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 PalmCheckin herkkyytt\'e4 t\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4.\par
\par
Jos TouchPadin toiminnassa esiintyy tahattomia osoittimen liikkeit\'e4 tai napsautuksia, suurenna PalmCheck -asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle. Jos siirr\'e4t liukus\'e4\'e4timen l\'e4helle \b Maksimi\b0-asetusta, liikkeiden ja napautusten v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4minen on todenn\'e4k\'f6isemp\'e4\'e4.\par
\par
Jos TouchPad ei havaitse napautuksia tai liikkeit\'e4, v\'e4henn\'e4 PalmCheckin herkkyysasetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
Kun EdgeMotion-reunaliike otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4\'e4n, kun saavutat TouchPadin reunan.\par
\par
Jos EdgeMotion -reunaliike ei ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, sormea pit\'e4\'e4 vet\'e4\'e4 monta kertaa alustan poikki tai osoittimen liikett\'e4 pit\'e4\'e4 nopeuttaa \b Osoittimen vaihtoehdot\b0  -v\'e4lilehdess\'e4, jotta osoitin kulkisi pitk\'e4tkin matkat nopeasti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Ota vetoliikkeiden (napauta ja ved\'e4 sek\'e4 lukitut vedot) \i Reunaliike\i0-asetus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Vedett\'e4ess\'e4\b0-valintaruutu.\par
\par
Kun Reunaliike-asetus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4\'e4n, kun saavutat TouchPadin reunan.\par
\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 asetus on valittuna, EdgeMotion-reunaliike ei ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 osoittimen tavallisen liikkeen aikana.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Kun haluat \i Reunaliike\i0-asetuksen olevan k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 saavuttaessasi TouchPadin reunan, valitse \b Osoitettaessa\b0-valintaruutu.\par
\par
Kun Reunaliike -asetus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4\'e4n, kun saavutat TouchPadin reunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Jos haluat \i Reunaliike\i0-asetuksen olevan k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, kun \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -toiminto on otettu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, valitse \b Vieritett\'e4ess\'e4\b0-valintaruutu.\par
\par
Kun Reunaliike-asetus otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4\'e4n, kun saavutat TouchPadin reunan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
T\'e4ss\'e4 kaaviossa esitell\'e4\'e4n TouchPadin pinta. Ristiviivoitettu alue kuvaa TouchPadin pinnan reunaliikealueita.\par
\par
Kun asetat sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle, TouchPad -kaavion reunoihin ilmestyy nuolet, jotka n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella reunaliikealueella, vastaava reunaliikealue kaaviossa muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 reunaliikealueiden kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yht\'e4 pienist\'e4 mustista neli\'f6ist\'e4, jotka ovat ristiviivoitettujen alueiden reunoissa.\par
\par
Jos reunaliikkeen aktivoiminen on vaikeaa, tee reunaliikealueesta suurempi siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristiviivoitetun alueen reunoja sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos EdgeMotion-reunaliike k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, reunaliikealueen pienent\'e4minen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
Jos reunaliikealueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, valitse yksi Reunaliike-asetuksista. Nyt alueiden kokoa voi muuttaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Ota painamisvoimakkuudesta riippuvainen nopeus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu. Kun t\'e4m\'e4 asetus on valittuna, voimakkaampi painallus saa osoittimen liikkumaan nopeammin.\par
\par
Jos haluat nopeuden olevan muuttumaton, poista valintamerkki \b Ohjaa reunaliikkeen nopeutta sormen painalluksella\b0  -ruudusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 reunaliikkeen nopeutta t\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4, kun \b Ohjaa reunaliikkeen nopeutta sormen painalluksella\b0  -valintaruutu on valittuna. Valitse nopeampi reunaliike siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle ja hitaampi reunaliike siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Jos haluat m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 napautusalueen suorittamaan toiminnon napautettaessa, valitse \b Ota napautusalueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu. TouchPadin kaikki nurkat voidaan m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 napautusalueiksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4 napautusalueelle toiminto valitsemalla vaihtoehto avattavasta valikosta. Jos valitsemasi toiminto edellytt\'e4\'e4 lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike aktivoituu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
T\'e4ss\'e4 kaaviossa esitell\'e4\'e4n TouchPadin pinta. Ristiviivoitetut alueet kuvaavat TouchPadin pinnan aktiivisia napautusalueita.\par
\par
Kun panet sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle, TouchPad-kaavion reunoihin ilmestyy nuolet, jotka n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella Napautusalueella, vastaava Napautusalue kaaviossa muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 napautusalueiden kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yht\'e4 pienist\'e4 mustista neli\'f6ist\'e4, jotka ovat ristiviivoitettujen alueiden kulmissa.\par
\par
Jos Napautusalue-toiminnon k\'e4ynnist\'e4minen on vaikeaa, napautusalueen suurentaminen saattaa auttaa. Jos Napautusalue-toiminto k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, napautusalueen pienent\'e4minen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
Jos napautusalueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n napautusalueet\b0  -valintaruutu. Nyt alueiden kokoa voi muuttaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Kun haluat k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 Web-selainikkunan \b Seuraava\b0- tai \b Edellinen\b0-nuolipainikkeiden toimintoja hipaisuliikkeill\'e4, valitse Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n taaksep\'e4in/eteenp\'e4in kohdistuvat liikkeet -valintaruutu.\par
\par
Aseta sormesi TouchPadin yl\'e4reunalle ja siirr\'e4 sormea oikealle tai vasemmalle. Sormen siirt\'e4minen vasemmalle vastaa Edellinen-painikkeen napsauttamista. Sormen siirt\'e4minen oikealle vastaa Seuraava-painikkeen napsauttamista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Ota Virtuaalinen vieritys -toiminnot k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
Kun virtuaalinen vieritys on otettu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, sormen siirt\'e4minen edestakaisin TouchPadin oikeassa reunassa vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta pystysuunnassa. Sormen siirt\'e4minen edestakaisin TouchPadin alareunassa vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta vaakasuunnassa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Napsauta t\'e4t\'e4 painiketta, kun haluat tarkastella ja muuttaa Virtuaalinen vieritys -asetuksia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Valitse \b Vierit\'e4 haluttua kohdetta\b0  -asetus, kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 aktiivista ikkunaa tai kohdetta. Aktiivinen kohde on usein viimeisin ikkuna, ikkunan osa tai kohde, jota napsautit.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto, kun haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4 kohdetta, joka on osoittimen alla aktiivisessa sovelluksessa. Kun valitset t\'e4m\'e4n asetuksen, voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen alla olevaa kohdetta ilman, ett\'e4 kohdetta tarvitsisi ensin napsauttaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Pitkien asiakirjojen vieritt\'e4minen helpottuu, kun valitset \b Ota rullaus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun. Kun Rullaus on valittuna, Virtuaalinen vieritys jatkuu sen j\'e4lkeen, kun olet nostanut sormesi pois TouchPadin pinnalta.\par
\par
Kun haluat k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 rullausta, siirr\'e4 sormeasi TouchPadia pitkin ja nosta se pois yhdell\'e4 tasaisella vaaka- tai pystysuoralla liikkeell\'e4. Lopeta rullaus koskettamalla TouchPadia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
T\'e4ss\'e4 kaaviossa esitell\'e4\'e4n TouchPadin pinta. Ristiviivoitettu alue kuvaa TouchPadin pinnan Virtuaalinen vieritys -alueita.\par
\par
Kun panet sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle, TouchPad -kaavion reunoihin ilmestyy nuolet, jotka n\'e4ytt\'e4v\'e4t sormesi sijainnin. Jos sormesi on TouchPadin aktiivisella Virtuaalinen vieritys -alueella, vastaava Virtuaalinen vieritys -alue kaaviossa muuttuu v\'e4rilt\'e4\'e4n yhten\'e4iseksi. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 Virtuaalinen vieritys -alueiden kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yht\'e4 pienist\'e4 mustista neli\'f6ist\'e4, jotka ovat ristiviivoitettujen alueiden reunoissa.\par
\par
Jos Virtuaalisen vierityksen k\'e4ynnist\'e4minen on vaikeaa, tee virtuaalisen vierityksen alueesta suurempi siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristiviivoitetun alueen reunoja sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos Virtuaalinen vieritys -toiminto k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, virtuaalisen vierityksen alueen pienent\'e4minen saattaa auttaa.\par
\par
Jos virtuaalisen vierityksen alueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, valitse Virtuaalinen vieritys -asetus. Nyt alueiden kokoa voi muuttaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
K\'e4ynnist\'e4 virtuaalisen vierityksen opetusohjelma napsauttamalla \b Harjoittele\b0-painiketta. T\'e4m\'e4n yksinkertaisen sokkelon avulla opit k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n Virtuaalista vierityst\'e4.\par
\par
HUOMAUTUS: Varmista, ett\'e4 sek\'e4 \b Vaakasuora vieritys\b0- ett\'e4 \b Pystysuora vieritys -valintaruutu on valittuna\b0 .\par
\par
Ennen kuin aloitat, etsi sokkelosta aloitus- ja lopetuskohta. Et voi n\'e4hd\'e4 koko sokkeloa kerralla, koska se on suurempi kuin sen ikkuna. Siirr\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 ikkunassa Virtuaalisen vierityksen avulla. Voit l\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 ja loitontaa sokkeloa pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 \b Ctrl\b0 -n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 alhaalla ja k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 Virtuaalista vierityst\'e4.\par
\par
Sokkelon vasemmassa yl\'e4kulmassa oleva keltainen t\'e4pl\'e4 tarkoittaa sokkelon sis\'e4\'e4nk\'e4ynti\'e4. Sokkelon oikealla puolella oleva sininen t\'e4pl\'e4 tarkoittaa sokkelon ulosk\'e4ynti\'e4.\par
\par
Aloittaminen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aloita napsauttamalla keltaisessa t\'e4pl\'e4ss\'e4 olevaa punaista neli\'f6t\'e4.\par
2.\tab Sokkelossa liikkuminen tapahtuu \b nuolin\'e4pp\'e4imi\'e4\b0  k\'e4ytt\'e4en tai TouchPadia napauttamalla.\par
3.\tab Siirr\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 Virtuaalisen vierityksen avulla.\par
4.\tab Kun olet saavuttanut oikeassa alanurkassa olevan sinisen t\'e4pl\'e4n, napsauta Virtuaalisen vierityksen harjoitus -ikkunan \b Sulje\b0-painikett\b a\b0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Voit ottaa Virtuaalisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ikkunoissa, joissa on vaakavierityspalkit, valitsemalla \b Vaakasuora vieritys\b0  -valintaruudun. Sormen siirt\'e4minen edestakaisin TouchPadin alareunassa vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta vaakasuunnassa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Voit ottaa Virtuaalisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ikkunoissa, joissa on pystyvierityspalkit, valitsemalla \b Pystysuora vieritys\b0  -valintaruudun. Sormen siirt\'e4minen edestakaisin TouchPadin oikeassa reunassa vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta pystysuunnassa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 voit ohjata Virtuaalisen vierityksen nopeutta. Liukus\'e4\'e4timen vet\'e4minen oikealle lis\'e4\'e4 vieritysnopeutta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Jos haluat suorittaa m\'e4\'e4ritettyj\'e4 toimintoja napauttamalla ja painamisliikkeill\'e4, valitse \b Ota "Valinta painamalla" k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu. M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4 toiminnot avattavasta \b Napautustoiminto\b0-luettelosta.\par
\par
\i Napautus\i0  tarkoittaa nopeaa osoitintikun p\'e4\'e4n painamista alas ja nostamista takaisin yl\'f6s. Kevyt, nopea napautus toimii parhaiten. Eritt\'e4in kovat tai hitaat napautukset eiv\'e4t ole yht\'e4 tehokkaita. Yksi napautus vastaa yht\'e4 hiiren napsautusta ja kaksi kertaa per\'e4kk\'e4in nopeasti tehty napautus kaksoisnapsautusta.\par
\par
\i Painaminen\i0  tarkoittaa osoitintikun p\'e4\'e4n nopeaa alas painamista sormella. Kevyt, h\'e4t\'e4ilem\'e4t\'f6n painallus toimii parhaiten. Suoraan alasp\'e4in painaminen vastaa hiiren painikkeen napsautusta ja pit\'e4mist\'e4. Paina suoraan alas ja sitten sivulle, kun haluat napsauttaa ja vet\'e4\'e4 kohdetta johonkin suuntaan. Vapauta vedett\'e4v\'e4 kohde nostamalla sormi.\par
\par
Jos \b Ota "Valinta painamalla" k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu on tyhj\'e4, ensisijainen napsautus suoritetaan painamalla painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Kun haluat est\'e4\'e4 tahattomat napsautukset kirjoitettaessa, valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Kun haluat m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 osoitintikun napautukselle toiminnon, valitse asetus avattavasta \b Napautustoiminto\b0-luettelosta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 napsautuksille ja kaksoisnapsautuksille m\'e4\'e4ritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 osoitintikun napautusnopeutta t\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4.\par
\par
Jos nopeus ei ole riitt\'e4v\'e4, et ehk\'e4 huomaa tahattomia napsautuksia, osoittimen viivett\'e4 tai vet\'e4misviivett\'e4. Jos nopeus on liian korkea, Valinta painamalla -toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6 voi vaikeutua.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Ota Virtuaalinen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu. Kun valitset t\'e4m\'e4n asetuksen, osoitintikkua voi k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vain virtuaaliseen vaaka -tai pystyvieritykseen. Osoitinta voi siirt\'e4\'e4 TouchPadilla tai ulkoisella hiirell\'e4.\par
\par
K\'e4yt\'e4 Virtuaalista vierityst\'e4 painamalla osoitintikkua haluamaasi vierityssuuntaan. Lopeta vieritys nostamalla sormi osoitintikulta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 \b Virtuaalisen vierityksen\b0  nopeutta t\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4. Valitse nopeampi vieritys siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle ja hitaampi vieritys siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 osoitinliikkeen sek\'e4 osoitintikun Valinta painamalla -toiminnon vaatimaa voimakkuutta \b Kosketusherkkyys\b0-liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4.\par
\par
V\'e4henn\'e4 tarvittavaa voimaa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Kevyt kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
Lis\'e4\'e4 tarvittavaa voimaa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Pid\'e4 osoitin aktiivisessa ikkunassa valitsemalla \b Pys\'e4yt\'e4 osoitin ikkunan reunoihin\b0  -valintaruutu. Osoittimen pys\'e4ytt\'e4minen ikkunan reunaan helpottaa ikkunan reunojen l\'e4hell\'e4 olevien asetusten k\'e4ytt\'f6\'e4.\par
\par
Kun otat t\'e4m\'e4n asetuksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ja yrit\'e4t siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen ensimm\'e4ist\'e4 kertaa ikkunan ulkopuolelle, osoitin pys\'e4htyy ikkunan reunaan. Kun yrit\'e4t siirt\'e4\'e4 osoitinta toiseen kertaan, osoitin poistuu ikkunasta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Voit parantaa osoitus- ja sijoitustarkkuutta valitsemalla asetuksen avattavasta \b Hitaan liikkeen n\'e4pp\'e4in\b0  -luettelosta. T\'e4ll\'e4 toiminnolla voit hidastaa osoitinta.\par
\par
K\'e4yt\'e4 hidastusta pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 m\'e4\'e4ritetty\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 alhaalla, kun liikutat osoitinta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto, kun haluat siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen automaattisesti oletusasetukseen valintaikkunan tullessa n\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Voit pakottaa osoittimen liikkumaan n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 vain vaaka -tai pystysuuntaan valitsemalla asetuksen avattavasta \b Rajoitettu osoittimen n\'e4pp\'e4in\b0  -valikosta.\par
\par
K\'e4yt\'e4 rajoitettua osoittimen liikett\'e4 pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 m\'e4\'e4ritetty\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 alhaalla, kun liikutat osoitinta. Kun n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painetaan, kohdistimen sen hetkinen liike m\'e4\'e4r\'e4\'e4 suunnan. Suunta on voimassa niin kauan kuin sormea pidet\'e4\'e4n TouchPadilla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Saat palautetta osoitintoiminnoista valitsemalla \b Animoitu\b0-valintaruudun. Windowsin teht\'e4v\'e4palkkiin tulee animoitu kuvake. Avaa \b Hiiren ominaisuudet -ikkuna kaksoisnapsauttamalla t\'e4t\'e4 ikkunaa\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Osoittimen liike voidaan muuttaa eritt\'e4in tasaiseksi valitsemalla osoittimen virkistystaajuudeksi \b Nopea\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Jos osoitin vaikuttaa ep\'e4vakaalta tai vilkkuu n\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, yrit\'e4 korjata ongelma valitsemalla virkistystaajuuden asetukseksi \b Hidas\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 on Synaptics TouchPad -ohjaimen versionumero.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Saat viimeisimm\'e4t tiedot Synapticsin patenteista osoitteesta: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dual Mode\b0\par
Dual Mode -toiminnolla voidaan siirty\'e4 osoittimen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 painikkeiden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n. Kun painikkeet ovat k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, TouchPadin virtuaaliset painikkeet ovat helppok\'e4ytt\'f6inen tapa k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 yleisimmin k\'e4ytettyj\'e4 sovelluksia. Lis\'e4ksi k\'e4ytett\'e4viss\'e4 on \'e4\'e4nenvoimakkuuden s\'e4\'e4t\'f6painike.\par
\par
Ota Dual Mode k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n napauttamalla oikeaa yl\'e4kulmaa\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
Painikkeiden k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Napauta \b Tilanvaihto\b0  -painiketta. Painike on TouchPadin oikeassa yl\'e4kulmassa \'e4\'e4nens\'e4\'e4t\'f6painikkeen yl\'e4puolella.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Napauta k\'e4ynnistett\'e4v\'e4n sovelluksen virtuaalipainiketta. TouchPad palaa automaattisesti osoitintilaan, kun sovellus k\'e4ynnistyy.\par
\pard\tx180\par
HUOMAUTUS: Painikkeita voidaan k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4, kun ulkoinen osoitinlaite (kuten hiiri) on kytketty ja \b Painikkeet k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 aina, kun ulkoinen laite on kytketty\b0  -valintaruutu on valittu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
Painikkeiden asetukset\par
Kosketusn\'e4yt\'f6n kuusi virtuaalipainiketta voidaan m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toimimaan haluamallasi tavalla. Kolmella ylimm\'e4ll\'e4 virtuaalipainikkeella on oletusasetukset, ja kolmella muulla painikkeella ei ole valmiita asetuksia. M\'e4\'e4ritettyjen virtuaalipainikkeiden oletusasetukset n\'e4kyv\'e4t alla:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Ylh\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 vasemmalla olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen avaa s\'e4hk\'f6postiohjelman.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ylh\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 keskell\'e4 olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen avaa ConfigFree-ohjelman. Lis\'e4tietoja on Toshiban k\'e4yt\'f6naikaisessa ohjeessa.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ylh\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 oikealla olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen l\'e4hett\'e4\'e4 aktiivisen ikkunan kohteen tulostimeen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
Painikkeiden asetukset\par
Kosketusn\'e4yt\'f6n kuusi virtuaalipainiketta voidaan m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toimimaan haluamallasi tavalla. Nelj\'e4ll\'e4 virtuaalipainikkeella on oletusasetukset, ja muilla painikkeilla ei ole valmiita asetuksia. M\'e4\'e4ritettyjen virtuaalipainikkeiden oletusasetukset n\'e4kyv\'e4t alla:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Ylh\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 vasemmalla olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen avaa s\'e4hk\'f6postiohjelman.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ylh\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 keskell\'e4 olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen avaa selaimen.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Ylh\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 oikealla olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen avaa BeatJam-ohjelman. Lis\'e4tietoja on Toshiban k\'e4yt\'f6naikaisessa ohjeessa.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Alhaalla vasemmalla olevan virtuaalipainikkeen napauttaminen avaa Toshiban k\'e4yt\'f6naikaisen ohjeen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
\b Painikesuojaus\b0  est\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4st\'e4 painikkeita vahingossa. Painikesuojaus tunnistaa, onko k\'e4mmenesi painikkeiden p\'e4\'e4ll\'e4 vai osuuko se painikkeisiin vahingossa kirjoittaessasi. Painikkeita ei t\'e4ll\'f6in voi k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vahingossa.\par
\par
Jos painikkeita k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n vahingossa, kasvata Painikesuojaus -asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle \b suurinta\b0  asetusta kohden. Jos painikkeita ei voi k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4, v\'e4henn\'e4 Painikesuojaus -asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle \b pienint\'e4\b0  asetusta kohden. Painikkeiden k\'e4ytt\'e4minen estyy todenn\'e4k\'f6isimmin liukus\'e4\'e4timen ollessa oikeanpuoleisimmassa asennossa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 painiketta painettaessa tapahtuvan toiminnon valitsemalla painikkeen valikkopuusta. Voit esimerkiksi m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, ett\'e4 Internet -selain k\'e4ynnistyy painettaessa painiketta 1. Kun painat painiketta 1, selainikkuna avautuu automaattisesti ja valittu sivu tulee n\'e4kyviin.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
\b Herkkyysasetusten\b0  avulla voit valita, kuinka laite vastaa kosketukseesi. Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 herkkyysasetuksia valitsemalla kohteen \b Herkkyys\b0-valikkopuusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0 -liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, kuinka voimakkaasti sormella on painettava ennen kuin laitteen toiminto k\'e4ynnistyy.\par
\par
Jos laite toimii odottamattomasti tai ty\'f6skentelypaikassa vallitsee suuri ilmankosteus, v\'e4henn\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -kohtaan.\par
\par
Jos laitteen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen edellytt\'e4\'e4 painamista liian kovaa, voit v\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle \b Kevyt kosketus\b0  -kohtaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Voit yhdist\'e4\'e4 toiminnon painikkeeseen valitsemalla sen luettelosta. Valittu toiminto suoritetaan aina koskettaessasi painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
Painiketta kosketettaessa kuuluu k\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4n m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4 \'e4\'e4ni, jos valitset \b Ota \'e4\'e4net k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun.\par
Jos \b Ota \'e4\'e4net k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  ei ole valittuna, \'e4\'e4net eiv\'e4t ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4 eik\'e4 painikkeita kosketettaessa kuulu mit\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
\b Ota valaistus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun avulla voit ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n painikkeiden valaisemisen niiden ollessa passiivisina tai aktiivisina.\par
Jos \b Ota valaistus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutua ei ole valittu, valaistus on pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, jolloin painikkeiden koskettaminen ei muuta niiden kirkkautta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
\b Kirkkaus passiivisena\b0  -liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 painikkeiden kirkkautta, kun niit\'e4 ei kosketa.\par
Jos painikkeet ovat liian kirkkaita silloin, kun niit\'e4 ei kosketa, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b v\'e4himm\'e4isasetusta\b0 .\par
Jos painikkeet ovat liian kirkkaita silloin, kun niit\'e4 ei kosketa, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b enimm\'e4isasetusta.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
\b Kirkkaus aktiivisena\b0  -liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 painikkeiden kirkkautta, kun niit\'e4 ei kosketa.\par
Jos painikkeet ovat liian kirkkaita silloin, kun niit\'e4 kosketaan, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b v\'e4himm\'e4isasetusta\b0 .\par
Jos painikkeet ovat liian kirkkaita silloin, kun niit\'e4 kosketaan, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b enimm\'e4isasetusta.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Painikkeiden asetukset\b0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kuusi virtuaalista painiketta haluamallasi tavalla. Ylimmill\'e4 kolmella virtuaalipainikkeella on oletusasetukset. Muiden asetuksia ei ole m\'e4\'e4ritetty. Seuraavat oletusasetukset on m\'e4\'e4ritetty:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Vasemmanpuoleisen ylimm\'e4n virtuaalipainikkeen napsauttaminen avaa oletusarvon mukaisen s\'e4hk\'f6postiohjelman.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Keskimm\'e4isen ylimm\'e4n virtuaalipainikkeen napsauttaminen avaa ConfigFree -ohjelman. Lis\'e4tietoja on s\'e4hk\'f6isess\'e4 Toshiba -ohjeessa.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Oikeanpuoleisen ylimm\'e4n virtuaalipainikkeen napsauttaminen avaa Windowsin valokuvakokoelman.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toiminnon, joka suoritetaan liikuttaessasi sormea liukus\'e4\'e4timen p\'e4\'e4ll\'e4, valitsemalla liukus\'e4\'e4timen valikkopuusta. Voit esimerkiksi m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4timen 1 s\'e4\'e4t\'e4m\'e4\'e4n tietokoneen \'e4\'e4nenvoimakkuutta. Kun liikutat sormeasi liukus\'e4\'e4timen 1 p\'e4\'e4ll\'e4, \'e4\'e4nenvoimakkuus lis\'e4\'e4ntyy tai v\'e4henee.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 valitulle liukus\'e4\'e4timelle toiminnon yll\'e4 n\'e4kyv\'e4st\'e4 luettelosta. Valittu toiminto tehd\'e4\'e4n aina, kun sormea siirret\'e4\'e4n liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4 yl\'f6s tai alas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Osoittimen nopeuden s\'e4\'e4t\'e4minen\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n s\'e4\'e4timen avulla ohjataan osoittimen nopeutta. Voit valita nopeuden siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Hidas\b0  -ja \b Nopea\b0-vaihtoehtojen v\'e4lill\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Painikkeiden asetukset\b0\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kuusi virtuaalista painiketta haluamallasi tavalla. Ylimmill\'e4 kolmella virtuaalipainikkeella on oletusasetukset. Muiden asetuksia ei ole m\'e4\'e4ritetty. Seuraavat oletusasetukset on m\'e4\'e4ritetty:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Vasemmanpuoleisen ylimm\'e4n virtuaalipainikkeen napsauttaminen avaa oletusarvon mukaisen s\'e4hk\'f6postiohjelman.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Keskimm\'e4isen ylimm\'e4n virtuaalipainikkeen napsauttaminen avaa ConfigFree-ohjelman. Lis\'e4tietoja on s\'e4hk\'f6isess\'e4 Toshiba-ohjeessa.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Oikeanpuoleisen ylimm\'e4n virtuaalipainikkeen napsauttaminen avaa Omat kuvat -kansion.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Ohjauspalkki\par
\par
Ohjauspalkin avulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 suosikkiohjelmat, jotka k\'e4ynnistet\'e4\'e4n painikkeiden avulla. Voit mukauttaa ohjauspalkin tuntumaa, esimerkiksi valaistusta, himmenemisaikaa ja kosketusherkkyytt\'e4. Ohjauspalkin avulla voit my\'f6s s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 \'e4\'e4nenvoimakkuutta helposti.\par
\par
Voit ottaa ohjauspalkin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon. Voit poistaa ohjauspalkin k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 valitsemalla \b Poista k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
LED-valaistus\par
\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 LED-valaistuksen kirkkautta \b LED-valaistus\b0-liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla.\par
\par
Voit lis\'e4t\'e4 kirkkautta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Kirkas\b0-asentoa.\par
\par
Voit lis\'e4t\'e4 kirkkautta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Himme\'e4\b0-asentoa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Himmenemisnopeus\par
\par
\b Himmennysnopeus\b0 -liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 ohjauspalkin LED-valojen himmenemisnopeutta, kun ohjauspalkkiin on koskettu ja sormi on nostettu yl\'f6s.\par
\par
Valot himmenev\'e4t hitaasti, jos siirr\'e4t liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle \b Hidas\b0-asentoa kohden.\par
\par
Valot himmenev\'e4t nopeasti, jos siirr\'e4t liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle \b Nopea\b0-asentoa kohden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Kosketusherkkyys\par
\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0 -liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka voimakkaasti ohjauspalkkia on painettava sormella, jotta se reagoi kosketukseesi.\par
\par
Jos kosketuspalkki ei reagoi kosketukseesi tai sit\'e4 on painettava liian kovaa, lis\'e4\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle \b Kevyt\b0-kohtaan.\par
\par
Jos kevyt kosketus ohjaa kosketuspalkkia tahattomasti, v\'e4henn\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle \b Raskas\b0-kohtaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
\'c4\'e4nitehosteet\par
\par
Voit liitt\'e4\'e4 tiettyyn toimintoon \'e4\'e4nitehosteen kirjoittamalla \'e4\'e4nitiedoston nimen tai selaamalla ja valitsemalla tiedoston.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
\'c4\'e4nenvoimakkuus\par
\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 \'e4\'e4nitehosteiden voimakkuutta helposti \b\'c4\'e4nenvoimakkuus\b0-liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla.\par
\par
Voit lis\'e4t\'e4 \'e4\'e4nenvoimakkuutta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle \b Voimakas\b0-kohtaan p\'e4in.\par
\par
Voit v\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 \'e4\'e4nenvoimakkuutta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle \b Hiljainen\b0-kohtaan p\'e4in\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Sovellukset\par
\par
Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 painikkeen k\'e4ynnist\'e4m\'e4\'e4n sovelluksen kirjoittamalla suoritettavan tiedoston nimen tai selaamalla ja valitsemalla k\'e4ynnistett\'e4v\'e4n sovelluksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
\b TouchPadin k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4poistovy\'f6hykkeen\b0  avulla voit ottaa TouchPadin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 koskettamalla kulmaa ja pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormea hetken paikoillaan.\par
Jos TouchPad on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, voit poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 koskettamalla kulmaa. Jos TouchPad on pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, voit ottaa sen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n koskettamalla kulmaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
\b Lyhyin kosketusaika\b0  -liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka pitk\'e4\'e4n on kosketettava kulmaa ennen TouchPadin ottamista k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai poistamista k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Virtuaalinen vieritt\'e4minen on innovatiivinen vaihtoehto perinteiselle selaamiselle. Virtuaalisessa vieritt\'e4misess\'e4 vierityspalkit toimivat automaattisesti, joten osoitinta ei tarvitse siirt\'e4\'e4 ty\'f6st\'e4 pois.\par
\par
Virtuaalinen vieritt\'e4minen toimii useimmissa vieritett\'e4viss\'e4 ikkunoissa, kuten tekstink\'e4sittelyss\'e4, taulukkolaskennassa ja suurissa digitaalikuvissa. Se toimii my\'f6s muissa vieritett\'e4viss\'e4 kohteissa, kuten tiedosto- ja fonttiluetteloissa.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-vieritt\'e4minen on omanlaistaan virtuaalista vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 yht\'e4jaksoisesti pehmein ympyr\'e4nmuotoisin liikkein. Vieritysnopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sormen liikkeen nopeuden mukaan. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 nopeasti tekem\'e4ll\'e4 pieni\'e4 nopeita ympyr\'f6it\'e4. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 hitaasti tekem\'e4ll\'e4 laajoja ympyr\'f6it\'e4 ja liikuttamalla sormea hitaasti. Voit vaihtaa vierityssuuntaa vaihtamalla liikkeen suuntaa.\par
\par
Vieritt\'e4minen pystysuunnassa:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vieritys pystysuunnassa\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta ikkunaa, jossa haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4.\par
3.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormea haluttuun vierityssuuntaan yl\'f6s tai alas TouchPadin oikeassa reunassa.\par
\pard\tx180\par
ChiralMotion-vieritt\'e4minen pystysuunnassa:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vieritys pystysuunnassa\b0  -valintaruutu ja \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ChiralMotion -vieritys\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta ikkunaa, jossa haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4.\par
3.\tab Aseta sormi TouchPadille l\'e4helle oikean reunan keskustaa.\par
4.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi haluttuun vierityssuuntaan yl\'f6s tai alas ja ryhdy tekem\'e4\'e4n ympyr\'e4m\'e4ist\'e4 liikett\'e4. Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sormesi TouchPadin keskelle tehdess\'e4si liikkeit\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Vieritt\'e4minen vaakasuunnassa:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vieritt\'e4minen vaakasuunnassa\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta ikkunaa, jossa haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4.\par
3.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormea haluttuun vierityssuuntaan vasemmalle tai oikealle TouchPadin alareunassa.\par
\pard\tx180\par
ChiralMotion-vieritt\'e4minen vaakasuunnassa:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vieritys vaakasuunnassa\b0  -valintaruutu ja \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ChiralMotion -vieritys\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta ikkunaa, jossa haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4.\par
3.\tab Aseta sormi TouchPadille l\'e4helle oikean reunan keskustaa.\par
4.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi haluttuun vierityssuuntaan oikealle tai vasemmalle ja ryhdy tekem\'e4\'e4n ympyr\'e4m\'e4ist\'e4 liikett\'e4. Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sormesi TouchPadin keskelle tehdess\'e4si liikkeit\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4 -tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Jos virtuaalinen vieritt\'e4minen ei toimi, varmista, ett\'e4 asianomainen \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vieritys\b0  -valintaruutu tai -ruudut on valittu ja ett\'e4 napsautettavassa ikkunassa voi vieritt\'e4\'e4. Jos ongelmia esiintyy edelleen, tarkista \b Vieritysalue\b0  -asetukset.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
Momentum-toiminto siirt\'e4\'e4 osoitinta tasaisesti ja nopeasti samaan tapaan kuin pallohiiri. Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 osoitinta koko n\'e4yt\'f6n poikki yhdell\'e4 nopealla sormen liikkeell\'e4 TouchPadin pinnalla. Momentum v\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 toistuvan liikkeen tarvetta ja siit\'e4 aiheutuvaa v\'e4symyst\'e4 siirrett\'e4ess\'e4 osoitinta pitki\'e4 matkoja. K\'e4ytt\'f6tuntuma on yht\'e4 tasainen ja luonnollinen kuin k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 pallohiirt\'e4. Momentum soveltuu hienosti reaaliaikaisten strategiapelien (RTS), ampumispelien (FPS) ja roolipelien (RPG) pelaamiseen.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n ominaisuuden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota Momentum k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
\b Liukumiset\'e4isyys\b0 -kaukos\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, kuinka pitk\'e4lle osoitin liikkuu siirrett\'e4ess\'e4 osoitinta TouchPadilla. Voit pys\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen asettamalla sormen TouchPadille. Osoitin pys\'e4htyy my\'f6s, kun napsautat TouchPadia.\par
\par
Valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ponnahtaminen kaikkien ikkunoiden reunoista\b0  -valintaruudun voit pit\'e4\'e4 osoittimen n\'e4yt\'f6n rajojen sis\'e4puolella. Ponnahtaminen n\'e4yt\'f6n reunasta helpottaa valikon vaihtoehtojen ja n\'e4yt\'f6n laidassa n\'e4kyvien s\'e4\'e4timien k\'e4ytt\'e4mist\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Koon muuttaminen loitontaa tai l\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 monissa ohjelmissa. Se toimii samalla tavalla kuin hiiren rulla Windows -sovelluksissa, CTRL-n\'e4pp\'e4imen painaminen liikutettaessa hiiren rullaa l\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 tai loitontaa.\par
\par
Voit muuttaa kokoa asettamalla kaksi sormea TouchPadin pinnalle. Siirr\'e4 sormia l\'e4hemm\'e4s tai kauemmas toisiaan. Voit l\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 asetamalla sormesi TouchPadin pinnalle l\'e4helle toisiaan ja siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 niit\'e4 poisp\'e4in toisistaan. Voit loitontaa asettamalla sormesi kauemmas toisiaan ja siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi toisiaan kohden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
Kahden sormen ChiralMotion-vieritt\'e4minen on innovatiivinen vaihtoehto perinteiselle vieritt\'e4miselle. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 yl\'f6s- tai alasp\'e4in asettamalla kaksi sormea TouchPadille ja tekem\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4nmuotoisen liikkeen. Kun vieritt\'e4minen alkaa, molempia sormia ei tarvitse pit\'e4\'e4 TouchPadilla, kun vieritt\'e4minen on alkanut. Vieritt\'e4minen jatkuu niin kauan kuin pid\'e4t toista hiirt\'e4 TouchPadin pinnalla tehden ympyr\'e4m\'e4ist\'e4 liikett\'e4.\par
\par
Sormen nopeus s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 vieritt\'e4misnopeutta. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 nopeasti tekem\'e4ll\'e4 pieni\'e4 ympyr\'f6it\'e4 ja siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi nopeasti. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 hitaasti tekem\'e4ll\'e4 suuria ympyr\'f6it\'e4 ja siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi hitaasti. Voit vaihtaa vierityssuuntaa vaihtamalla ympyr\'e4m\'e4isen liikkeen suuntaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
\b Kehittynyt ele\b0  on k\'e4ytt\'e4j\'e4n tekem\'e4 toiminto, jonka Synaptics TouchPad -tunnistin tulkitsee ja toteuttaa tietyn toiminnon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
A \b Sipaiseminen\b0  tehd\'e4\'e4n asettamalla kaksi sormea TouchPadin pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan, liikuttamalla niit\'e4 TouchPadia pitkin suoraan ja nostamalla ne TouchPadin pinnalta samanaikaisesti. Sipaisemisen vaikutukset vaihtelevat ohjelmistokohtaisesti. Esimerkiksi Internet Explorerissa sipaiseminen vasemmalla siirt\'e4\'e4 edelliselle sivulle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\b0  k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta 90 asteen portain my\'f6t\'e4 -tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. ChiralRotate toimii vain sen kanssa yhteensopivissa ohjelmistoissa.\par
\par
Voit aloittaa ChiralRotate -py\'f6r\'e4ytt\'e4misen asettamalla yhden sormen TouchPadin vasempaan laitaan ja siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi ympyr\'e4nmuotoisesti. Valittua kohdetta k\'e4\'e4nnet\'e4\'e4n 90 asteen portain ohjelmissa, joissa t\'e4m\'e4 on mahdollista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota nipistys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota ChiralRotate k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota nipistys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
N\'e4et esittelyn nipistyksest\'e4 napsauttamalla \b Ota nipistys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -kohdassa \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
N\'e4et esittelyn ChiralRotate -py\'f6r\'e4ytyksest\'e4 napsauttamalla \b Ota ChiralRotate k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -kohdassa \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
N\'e4et esittelyn sipaisusta napsauttamalla \b Ota sipaisu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -kohdassa \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
N\'e4et Momentum -eleen esittelyn valitsemalla \b Ota Momentum k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -kohdasta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
\par
Virtuaalinen vieritys on innovatiivinen vaihtoehto perinteisille vieritysmenetelmille. Virtuaalista vierityst\'e4 k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 vierityspalkit toimivat automaattisesti, joten osoitinta ei tarvitse siirt\'e4\'e4 pois ty\'f6st\'e4.\par
\par
Virtuaalinen vieritys toimii useimmissa vieritett\'e4viss\'e4 ikkunoissa, kuten tekstink\'e4sittelyasiakirjoissa, laskentataulukoissa ja suurissa digitaalikuvissa. Se toimii my\'f6s muissa vieritett\'e4viss\'e4 kohteissa, kuten tiedosto- ja fonttiluetteloissa.\par
\par
Virtuaalisen vierityksen lineaarinen muoto mahdollistaa perinteisen vierityksen.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-vieritys on virtuaalisen vierityksen erikoismuoto. Sit\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4ess\'e4si voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 jatkuvasti yhdell\'e4 tasaisella ympyr\'e4liikkeell\'e4. Vieritysnopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sormen nopeuden mukaan. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 nopeasti tekem\'e4ll\'e4 pieni\'e4 nopeita ympyr\'f6it\'e4. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 hitaasti tekem\'e4ll\'e4 suuria ympyr\'f6it\'e4 ja liikuttamalla sormea hitaasti. Voit vaihtaa vierityssuuntaa vaihtamalla liikkeen suuntaa.\par
\par
Lineaarisen pystysuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota pystysuuntainen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -kuvaketta tai kaksoisnapsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehtoa.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Pitk\'e4 vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehto.\par
4.\tab Napsauta \b Pystysuuntainen vieritys\b0  -valintanappia.\par
5.\tab Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta.\par
6.\tab Liu'uta sormeasi kosketuslevyn oikeassa laidassa yl\'f6s tai alas haluamaasi vierityssuuntaan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
ChiralMotion-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4minen pystysuuntaisessa vierityksess\'e4:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota pystysuuntainen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -kuvaketta tai kaksoisnapsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehtoa.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Pitk\'e4 vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehto.\par
4.\tab Napsauta \b ChiralMotion -vieritys\b0  -valintanappia.\par
5.\tab Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta.\par
6.\tab Aseta sormesi kosketuslevylle l\'e4helle oikean reunan keskustaa.\par
7.\tab Liu'uta sormeasi yl\'f6s tai alas haluttuun vierityssuuntaan ja ryhdy tekem\'e4\'e4n ympyr\'e4nmuotoista liikett\'e4. Sormesi voi siirty\'e4 kohti kosketuslevyn keskiosaa, kun teet liikett\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Lineaarisen vaakasuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota vaakasuuntainen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -kuvaketta tai kaksoisnapsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehtoa.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Pitk\'e4 vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehto.\par
4.\tab Napsauta \b Pystysuuntainen vieritys\b0  -valintanappia.\par
5.\tab Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta.\par
6.\tab Liu'uta sormeasi kosketuslevyn alalaidassa vasemmalle tai oikealle haluamaasi vierityssuuntaan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
ChiralMotion-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4minen vaakasuuntaisessa vierityksess\'e4:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse \b Ota vaakasuuntainen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
2.\tab Napsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -kuvaketta tai kaksoisnapsauta \b Virtuaalinen vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehtoa.\par
3.\tab Valitse \b Pitk\'e4 vieritys\b0  -vaihtoehto.\par
4.\tab Napsauta \b ChiralMotion-vieritys\b0-valintanappia.\par
5.\tab Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta.\par
6.\tab Aseta sormesi kosketuslevylle l\'e4helle alareunan keskustaa.\par
7.\tab Liu'uta sormeasi vasemmalle tai oikealle haluttuun vierityssuuntaan ja ryhdy tekem\'e4\'e4n ympyr\'e4nmuotoista liikett\'e4. Sormesi voi siirty\'e4 kohti kosketuslevyn keskiosaa, kun teet liikett\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Jos virtuaalinen vieritys ei toimi, varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu tai -ruudut on valittu ja ett\'e4 ikkunaa tai napsautettua kohdetta voi vieritt\'e4\'e4. Jos ongelmat jatkuvat, tarkista \b Vieritysalue\b0-asetus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
N\'e4et esittelyn virtuaalisesta vierityksest\'e4 valitsemalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painikkeen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
N\'e4et esittelyn \b Flick\b0-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4misest\'e4 valitsemalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painikkeen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 pystysuuntaisia Flick-liikkeit\'e4 valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pystysuuntainen Flick\b0-valintaruudun. Aseta kaksi sormea kosketuslevylle hieman erill\'e4\'e4n toisistaan. Siirr\'e4 niit\'e4 yl\'f6s tai alas. Kun olet valmis, voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmakohtaista toimintoa nostamalla ne yl\'f6s.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 vaakasuuntaisia Flick-liikkeit\'e4 valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vaakasuuntainen Flick\b0  -valintaruudun. Aseta kaksi sormea kosketuslevylle hieman erill\'e4\'e4n toisistaan. Siirr\'e4 niit\'e4 vasemmalle tai oikealle. Kun olet valmis, voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ohjelmakohtaista toimintoa nostamalla ne yl\'f6s.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
N\'e4et videoesityksen napsauttamalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
Voit mukauttaa osoituslaitteesi asetukset t\'e4ss\'e4 \b Ominaisuudet\b0-ikkunassa. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 mukautettavia ominaisuuksia vasemmalla n\'e4kyv\'e4n valikkopuun avulla. Niit\'e4 ovat yhdell\'e4 sormella osoitttaminen ja vieritt\'e4minen sek\'e4 asiakirjojen, kohteiden ja sovellusten ohjaaminen monella sormella teht\'e4vill\'e4 eleill\'e4.\par
\par
\b Ominaisuudet-ikkunan k\'e4ytt\'e4minen\b0\par
N\'e4et ominaisuuksien kuvaukset ja asetukset napsauttamalla valikkopuussa n\'e4kyvi\'e4 ominaisuuksia. Joihinkin ominaisuuksiin liittyy useita asetussivuja. N\'e4et kaikki sivut napsauttamalla ominaisuuden vieress\'e4 n\'e4kyv\'e4\'e4 plusmerkki\'e4. Asetukset n\'e4kyv\'e4t ikkunassa valikkopuun oikealla puolella. N\'e4iden asetusten tiedot ja muokkaamisohjeet n\'e4kyv\'e4t t\'e4ss\'e4 tietoruudussa. Voit tarkastella tietoruutua vierityspalkin avulla.\par
\par
\b Oletukset-painike\b0\par
\b Oletukset\b0 -painike palauttaa kaikki sivun asetukset tehdasasetuksiksi.\par
\par
\b OK-painike\b0\par
\b OK\b0 -painike tallentaa muutokset ja sulkee Ominaisuudet-ikkunan.\par
\par
\b Peruuta-painike\b0\par
\b Peruuta\b0 -painike sulkee Ominaisuudet-ikkunan tallentamatta muutoksia ja palauttaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n edelliset asetukset.\par
\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4-painike\b0\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4\b0 -painike tallentaa muutokset mutta j\'e4tt\'e4\'e4 Ominaisuudet-ikkunan avoimeksi, jotta voit jatkaa muutosten tekemist\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
\b Osoittaminen\b0 -asetussivulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, kuinka osoitin reagoi osoittaessasi ja valitessasi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota Momentum k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
\b Rajoitettu liike\b0  -ominaisuus mahdollistaa osoittimen siirt\'e4misen vain pysty -tai vaakasuunnassa. T\'e4m\'e4 toiminto on hy\'f6dyllinen k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 piirt\'e4misohjelmaa. Voit ottaa rajoitetun liikkeen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 tietty\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna siirt\'e4ess\'e4si osoitinta. Kun t\'e4t\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painetaan, osoitin liikkuu vain tiettyyn suuntaan, kun sormesi on TouchPadilla.\par
\par
Rajoitetun liikkeen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla luetteloruudusta Ota rajoitettu liike k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n -vaihtoehdon.\par
2.\tab Valitse luetteloruudusta n\'e4pp\'e4in, joka ottaa rajoitetun liikkeen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
3.\tab Pid\'e4 valittua n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna, kun haluat rajoittaa osoittimen liikett\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Vieritys\b0\par
Vieritysominaisuudet auttavat ohjaamaan valitun ikkunan vierityspalkkeja automaattisesti, joten osoitinta ei tarvitse siirt\'e4\'e4 pois ty\'f6st\'e4. Vieritysominaisuudet toimivat useimmissa vieritett\'e4viss\'e4 ikkunoissa, kuten asiakirjoissa, laskentataulukoissa, suuria digitaalisia kuvia k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 sek\'e4 tiedosto- ja fonttiluetteloissa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b K\'e4\'e4nteinen vieritys\b0\par
\b K\'e4\'e4nteinen vieritys\b0  auttaa muuttamaan vierityksen toimintaa. Tavallinen vieritys siirt\'e4\'e4 vierityspalkkia sormen liikkeen suuntaan. K\'e4\'e4nteinen vieritys siirt\'e4\'e4 asiakirjaa tai kohdetta sormen liikkeen suuntaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n ominaisuuden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4\'e4nteinen vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
\b Vieritysnopeuden s\'e4\'e4din\b0  s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 vieritysnopeutta. Voit nopeuttaa vieritt\'e4mist\'e4 vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling\b0\par
ChiralScrolling\'99 mahdollistaa vieritt\'e4misen jatkuvasti yhdell\'e4 tasaisella ympyr\'e4liikkeell\'e4. Vieritysnopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sormen nopeuden mukaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota ChiralScrolling k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
ChiralScrolling-vieritt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi kohdealueelle. Yl\'f6s tai alas vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on TouchPadin oikeassa laidassa. Vasemmalle tai oikealle vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on TouchPadin alalaidassa.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi suuntaan, johon haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4. Tee sormella ympyr\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. Kun ChiralScrolling on aloitettu, voit piirt\'e4\'e4 sormellasi ympyr\'e4\'e4 miss\'e4 tahansa TouchPadin pinnalla.\par
\par
HUOMAUTUS: Voit vaihtaa vierityssuuntaa vaihtamalla liikkeen suuntaa. Piirr\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 vastakkaiseen suuntaan.\par
\par
3.\tab Voit lopettaa vierityksen ja palata osoitustilaan nostamalla sormen kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Selaus yhden sormen avulla\b0\par
Voit selata vaaka- ja pystysuuntaan.\par
\par
Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi yl\'f6s tai alas kosketuslevyn oikeassa reunassa. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 vaakasuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi kosketuslevyn alalaidassa vasemmalle tai oikealle.\par
\par
Jos vieritys ei toimi, varmista, ett\'e4 oikea valintaruutu on valittu ja ett\'e4 ikkunaa tai napsautettua kohdetta voi vieritt\'e4\'e4. Jos ongelmat jatkuvat, tarkista \b Vieritysalue\b0-asetus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Kosketuslevyn pinta n\'e4kyy edellisess\'e4 kuvassa. Ristill\'e4 merkity alue osoittaa kosketuslevyn pinnan vieritysalueet.\par
\par
Kun asetat sormesi kosketuslevylle, sen kaavion reunaan tulee nuoli osoittamaan sormesi sijaintia. Jos sormesi on kosketuslevyn aktiivisella vieritysalueella, kuvan vastaavan vieritysalueen v\'e4ri muuttuu. Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 vieritysalueita vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen reunassa n\'e4kyvi\'e4 pieni\'e4 mustia neli\'f6it\'e4.\par
\par
Jos selaamisen aloittaminen on vaikeaa, yrit\'e4 suurentaa selaamisaluetta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen kulmia sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos selaaminen alkaa liian helposti, yrit\'e4 pienent\'e4\'e4 vieritysaluetta.\par
\par
Jos vieritysalueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 vieritys on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
Vierityksen ottaminen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse vasemmalla n\'e4kyv\'e4st\'e4 valikkopuusta \b Vieritys\b0-vaihtoehto\par
2.\tab Valitse haluamasi vieritysmenetelm\'e4 ja ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pysty- tai vaakasuuntainen vieritys.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Ota vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Voit ottaa vaakavierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ikkunoissa, joissa on vaakasuuntaiset vierityspalkit. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 valitussa ikkunassa vaakasuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi kosketuslevyn alalaidassa vasemmalle tai oikealle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Voit ottaa pystysuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 valitussa ikkunassa pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi kosketuslevyn oikeassa laidassa yl\'f6s tai alas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Vieritt\'e4minen kahden sormen avulla\b0\par
Vieritt\'e4ess\'e4si kahdella sormella voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 vaaka- tai pystysuuntaan ja aloittaa vieritt\'e4misen miss\'e4 tahansa kosketuslevyn pinnalla. Aseta kaksi sormea kosketuslevylle ja siirr\'e4 niit\'e4 haluamaasi suuntaan. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4, vaikka sormet eiv\'e4t olisi vieritysalueella.\par
\par
Vieritt\'e4minen kahden sormen avulla:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle. Sormien on oltava hieman erill\'e4\'e4n toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 molempia sormia haluamaasi suuntaan suoralla yht\'e4jaksoisella liikkeell\'e4.\par
3.\tab Voit lopettaa vierityksen nostamalla molemmat sormet kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Ota vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Voit ottaa vaakavierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ikkunoissa, joissa on vaakasuuntaiset vierityspalkit. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta vaakasuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kahta sormea kosketuslevyll\'e4 vasemmalle tai oikealle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Voit ottaa pystysuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kahta sormea kosketuslevyll\'e4 yl\'f6s tai alas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
\b Coasting\b0 -toiminto auttaa vieritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n pitki\'e4 asiakirjoja helposti. Coasting-toimintoa k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 vieritys jatkuu, vaikka nostat sormesi kosketuslevylt\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 Coasting-toimintoa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi ja nostamalla sit\'e4 yhdell\'e4 tasaisella liikkeell\'e4. Voit lopettaa Coasting-toiminnon asettamaalla sormesi j\'e4lleen kosketuslevylle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Puristuszoomaus\b0\par
Puristuszoomauksesta on hy\'f6ty\'e4 monissa tilanteissa. Puristuszoomaaminen toimii samalla tavalla kuin selauspy\'f6r\'e4 Windows -ohjelmissa, jotka tukevat Ctrl-n\'e4pp\'e4imen pit\'e4mist\'e4 painettuna, kun selauspy\'f6r\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota puristuszoomaus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Puristuszoomauksen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle.\par
2.\tab Voit l\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormia kauemmas toisistaan ja loitontaa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormia toisiaan kohti. Voit zoomata tehokkaimmin k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormenp\'e4it\'e4si.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
\b Kiert\'e4mistoiminto\b0  on k\'e4tev\'e4 tapa kiert\'e4\'e4 valokuvia ja muita kohteita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen painallus\b0\par
Kolmen sormen painallus k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 tietyn sovelluksen tai tietyt sovellukset.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota kolmen &sormen painallus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon. Voit valita k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4t sovellukset napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0 -painiketta.\par
\par
Kolmen sormen painallus:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4 hieman tilaa.\par
2.\tab Pid\'e4 sormia paikallaan, kunnes sovellus k\'e4ynnistyy tai sovellukset k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4t.\par
3.\tab Nosta sormet kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen sipaisu\b0\par
\par
Kolmen sormen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Sen avulla voit selata Interneti\'e4 tai vieritt\'e4\'e4 valokuvia. Voit my\'f6s ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kuvaesitystilan tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 sipaisemalla kolmella sormella.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota kolmella sormella sipaisu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen sipaisemalla kolmella sormella:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Sipaise kosketuslevy\'e4 sormillasi suoraviivaisesti ja jatkuvasti haluttuun suuntaan. Siirr\'e4 sormia kosketuslevyn laidasta toiseen.\par
3.\tab Jos siirr\'e4t sormiasi vaakasuunnassa oikealle tai vasemmalle, valokuva- tai selainikkunaa vieritet\'e4\'e4n eteen- tai taaksep\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kolmella sormella sipaisemista kuvaesitystilan ottamiseen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai poistamiseen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 liikuttamalla sormiasi pystysuoraan. Voit ottaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi yl\'f6sp\'e4in. Voit poistaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi alasp\'e4in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b K\'e4mmen kosketuslevyll\'e4\b0\par
K\'e4mmen kosketuslevyll\'e4 -toiminto tyhjent\'e4\'e4 ty\'f6p\'f6yd\'e4n pienent\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kaikki avoimet ikkunat. T\'e4m\'e4n eleen toistaminen palauttaa ikkunat ennalleen.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4mmen kosketuslevyll\'e4 -toiminto k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
K\'e4mmen kosketuslevyll\'e4 -toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta peukalosi tyvi kosketuslevyn pinnalle.\par
2.\tab Pid\'e4 k\'e4tt\'e4si paikallaan, kunnes ty\'f6p\'f6yd\'e4ll\'e4 n\'e4kyv\'e4t ikkunat on pienennetty tai palautettu ennalleen.\par
3.\tab Nosta k\'e4si kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Vieritt\'e4misen harjoitteleminen\b0\par
Voit k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 vieritt\'e4misen opetusohjelman napsauttamalla \b Harjoittelu\b0-painiketta. Helppo sokkeloteht\'e4v\'e4 auttaa opettelemaan vieritt\'e4mist\'e4.\par
\par
Tutustu sokkeloon ennen aloittamista, jotta l\'f6yd\'e4t sis\'e4\'e4nmeno- ja ulostulokohdat. Koko sokkeloa ei voi n\'e4hd\'e4, koska se on suurempi kuin ikkuna, jossa se n\'e4kyy. Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 vieritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4. Pid\'e4 Ctrl-n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna ja vierit\'e4 sokkelon koon muuttamiseksi.\par
\par
Sokkelon vasemmassa yl\'e4kulmassa n\'e4kyy keltainen piste sokkelon sis\'e4\'e4nmenon merkiksi. Sokkelon oikealla puolella n\'e4kyv\'e4 sininen piste merkitsee ulostulokohtaa.\par
\par
Vieritt\'e4misen harjoitteleminen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Voit aloittaa napsauttamalla keltaisen pisteen punaista neli\'f6t\'e4.\par
2.\tab Kulje sokkelon l\'e4pi nuolin\'e4pp\'e4imien avulla tai napsauttamalla kosketuslevy\'e4.\par
3.\tab Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 haluamaasi vieritysmenetelm\'e4\'e4.\par
4.\tab Kun olet saavuttanut oikean alakulman sinisen pisteen, napsauta harjoitteluikkunan Sulje-painiketta.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart M -Gesture\b0\par
HP MediaSmart voidaan k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 M-kirjain kosketuslevyn pintaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota HP MediaSmart M -Gesture k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4n eleen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Napsauta kosketuslevyn pintaa kahdella sormella ja aseta sormet heti levyn pinnalle.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormia suuren M-kirjaimen muotoisesti.\par
3.\tab HP MediaSmart k\'e4ynnistyy.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
\b Tehostettu osoittaminen\b0  -ominaisuudet auttavat m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n, kuinka osoitin reagoi osoittamiseen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Sovelluseleet toimivat oikopolkuina usein k\'e4ytettyihin sovelluksiin ja toimintoihin. N\'e4iden eleiden vaikutus tietokoneeseen voi vaihdella sovelluskohtaisesti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 helpottaa osoittimen siirt\'e4mist\'e4 pitk\'e4lle. Kun sormesi tulee kosketuslevyn reunaan, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4 samaan suuntaan, kunnes nostat sormen irti kosketuslevyst\'e4. Valitse jokin EdgeMotion-vaihtoehto.\par
\par
EdgeMotion ohjaa my\'f6s vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion -toimintoa vieritt\'e4misen aikana valitsemalla \b Vieritys\b0-valikon \b Ota Enable EdgeMotion k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vierityksen aikana\b0  -kohdasta \b Vieritys yhden sormen avulla\b0- tai \b Vieritys kahden sormen avulla\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Jos haluat vierityksen jatkuvan sormesi tultua kosketuslevyn reunaan, valitse \b Ota EdgeMotion k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vierityksen aikana\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
\b Herkkyys\b0 -asetusten avulla voit mukauttaa kosketuslevyn reagointia kosketukseen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
\b Coasting\b0 -toiminto auttaa vieritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n pitki\'e4 asiakirjoja helposti. Coasting-toimintoa k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 vieritys jatkuu, vaikka nostat sormesi kosketuslevylt\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 Coasting-toimintoa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi ja nostamalla sit\'e4 yhdell\'e4 tasaisella liikkeell\'e4. Voit lopettaa Coasting-toiminnon asettamalla sormesi j\'e4lleen kosketuslevylle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Kallistuskiert\'e4minen\b0\par
Kallistuskiert\'e4minen-toiminto auttaa kiert\'e4m\'e4\'e4n kohteita, kuten valokuvia, PDF-asiakirjoja tai muita kohteita 90 astetta kerrallaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota Kallistuskiert\'e4minen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Kallistuskiert\'e4minen-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi kosketuslevyn vasempaan alakulmaan ja pid\'e4 sit\'e4 paikallaan.\par
2.\tab Aseta toinen sormi l\'e4helle kosketuslevyn keskiosaa.\par
3.\tab Liikuta toista sormea ympyr\'e4ss\'e4 ensimm\'e4isen sormen ymp\'e4rill\'e4. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4linen et\'e4isyys pysyy samana, kun piirr\'e4t ympyr\'e4\'e4. Voit k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta haluamaasi suuntaan piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4 -tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Oikean kulman nivel\b0\par
Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn oikean alakulman Kallistuskiert\'e4minen-toimintoa valitsemalla \b Oikean kulman nivel\b0  -valintaruudun. Kosketuslevyn oikean kulman k\'e4ytt\'e4minen voi olla mukavampaa, jos t\'e4m\'e4 ele tehd\'e4\'e4n vasemmalla k\'e4dell\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\b0\par
ChiralRotate\'99 k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta 90 astetta kerrallaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla Ota ChiralRotate k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n -vaihtoehdon. Huomaa, ett\'e4 ChiralRotate toimii vain sen kanssa yhteensopivissa ohjelmistoissa.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4n ChiralRotate -eleen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi kosketuslevyn vasemmalle kohdealueelle.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormea alas- tai yl\'f6sp\'e4in ja piirr\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4. Voit k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 kohdetta my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. Voit k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 kohdetta vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
3.\tab Voit palata osoitustilaan nostamalla sormesi kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b Kosketuslevyn poistaminen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0\par
\par
Jos et halua k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevy\'e4, voit poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4. Aseta yksi sormi kosketuslevyn vasempaan yl\'e4kulmaan ja pid\'e4 sit\'e4 hetki paikallaan. Kosketuslevy poistetaan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4. Teht\'e4v\'e4palkissa n\'e4kyv\'e4 kosketuslevyn kuvake muuttuu sen merkiksi, ett\'e4 kosketuslevy ei ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
Voit palauttaa kosketuslevyn takaisin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n koskettamalla vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa uudelleen. Teht\'e4v\'e4palkissa n\'e4kyv\'e4 kuvake palautuu normaaliksi.\par
\par
Voit valita, kuinka kauan kosketuslevy on pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, valitsemalla haluamasi vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\b Poista kosketuslevy k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0  -vaihtoehto pit\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn poissa k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, kunnes se otetaan takaisin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n koskettamalla vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa.\par
\b Poista kosketuslevy k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 yhden istunnon ajaksi\b0  -vaihtoehto pit\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn poissa k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 yhden sis\'e4\'e4nkirjautumisistunnon ajan. Kosketuslevy palautuu automaattisesti k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, kun k\'e4yt\'e4t sit\'e4 seuraavalla sis\'e4\'e4nkirjautumiskerralla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Kahden sormen sipaisu\b0\par
\par
Kahden sormen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Sen avulla voit selata Interneti\'e4 tai vieritt\'e4\'e4 valokuvia. Voit my\'f6s ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kuvaesitystilan tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 sipaisemalla kahdella sormella.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota kahden sormen sipaisu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen sipaisemalla kahdella sormella:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea TouchPad-levyn pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Sipaise kosketuslevy\'e4 sormillasi suoraviivaisesti ja jatkuvasti haluttuun suuntaan. Siirr\'e4 sormia kosketuslevyn laidasta toiseen.\par
3.\tab Jos siirr\'e4t sormiasi vaakasuunnassa oikealle tai vasemmalle, valokuva- tai selainikkunaa vieritet\'e4\'e4n eteen- tai taaksep\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kahden sormen sipaisun kuvaesitystilan ottamiseen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai poistamiseen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 liikuttamalla sormiasi pystysuoraan. Voit ottaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi yl\'f6sp\'e4in. Voit poistaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi alasp\'e4in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Kahden sormen sipaisu\b0\par
\par
Kahden sormen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Sen avulla voit selata Interneti\'e4 tai vieritt\'e4\'e4 valokuvia.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota kahden sormen vaakasuunnassa sipaisu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen sipaisemalla kahdella sormella:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea TouchPad-levyn pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Sipaise kosketuslevy\'e4 vaakasuoraan ja jatkuvasti haluttuun suuntaan. Siirr\'e4 sormia kosketuslevyn laidasta toiseen.\par
3.\tab Jos siirr\'e4t sormiasi vaakasuunnassa oikealle tai vasemmalle, valokuva- tai selainikkunaa vieritet\'e4\'e4n eteen- tai taaksep\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Kahden sormen sipaisu\b0\par
\par
Kahden sormen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Voit my\'f6s ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kuvaesitystilan tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 sipaisemalla kahdella sormella.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota kahden sormen pystysuunnassa sipaisu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen sipaisemalla kahdella sormella:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea TouchPad-levyn pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 molempia sormia haluamaasi pystysuuntaan suoralla yht\'e4jaksoisella liikkeell\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Voit ottaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi yl\'f6sp\'e4in tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi alasp\'e4in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen vaakasuuntainen sipaisu\b0\par
\par
Kolmen sormen vaakasuuntainen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Sen avulla voit selata Interneti\'e4 tai selata valokuvia.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vaakasuuntainen kolmella sormella sipaisu\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen vaakasuunnassa sipaisemalla kolmella sormella:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Sipaise kosketuslevy\'e4 vaakasuoraan ja jatkuvasti haluttuun suuntaan. Siirr\'e4 sormia kosketuslevyn laidasta toiseen.\par
3.\tab Jos siirr\'e4t sormiasi vaakasuunnassa oikealle tai vasemmalle, valokuva- tai selainikkunaa vieritet\'e4\'e4n eteen- tai taaksep\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen pystysuuntainen sipaisu\b0\par
\par
Kolmen sormen pystysuuntainen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Voit my\'f6s ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kuvaesitystilan tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 sipaisemalla pystysuunnassa kolmella sormella.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n pystysuuntainen kolmella sormella sipaisu\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen pystysuunnassa sipaisemalla kolmella sormella:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle hieman erilleen toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 molempia sormia haluamaasi pystysuuntaan suoralla yht\'e4jaksoisella liikkell\'e4.\par
3.\tab Voit ottaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi yl\'f6sp\'e4in tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi alasp\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Ympyr\'e4vieritys\b0\par
Ympyr\'e4vieritys mahdollistaa vieritt\'e4misen jatkuvasti yhdell\'e4 tasaisella ympyr\'e4liikkeell\'e4. Vieritysnopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sormen nopeuden mukaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n ominaisuuden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota ympyr\'e4vieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun.\par
\par
Ympyr\'e4vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi \i kohdealueelle\i0 . Yl\'f6s tai alas vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on TouchPadin oikeassa laidassa. Vasemmalle tai oikealle vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on TouchPadin alalaidassa.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi suuntaan, johon haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4. Tee sormella ympyr\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. Kun ympyr\'e4vieritys on aloitettu, voit piirt\'e4\'e4 sormellasi ympyr\'e4\'e4 miss\'e4 tahansa TouchPadin pinnalla.\par
\pard\tx180\par
HUOMAUTUS: Voit vaihtaa vierityssuuntaa vaihtamalla liikkeen suuntaa. Piirr\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 vastakkaiseen suuntaan.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Voit lopettaa vierityksen ja palata osoitustilaan nostamalla sormen kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
\b Automaattivieritys\b0 -toiminto auttaa vieritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n pitki\'e4 asiakirjoja helposti yhdell\'e4 sormenliikkeell\'e4. Vieritys jatkuu, vaikka nostat sormesi TouchPadilta.\par
\par
Automaattisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta.\par
2.\tab Liikuta yht\'e4 sormea TouchPadin vieritysalueella haluamaasi suuntaan. Yl\'f6s tai alas vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on oikeassa laidassa. Vasemmalle tai oikealle vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on alalaidassa.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Jos automaattinen vieritys ei toimi, tarkista \b Vieritysalue\b0-asetukset. Jos automaattiseen vieritykseen liittyy edelleen ongelmia, varmista, ett\'e4 napsauttamaasi ikkunaa tai kohdetta voi vieritt\'e4\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
\b Kiert\'e4misominaisuudet\b0  ovat k\'e4tev\'e4 tapa kiert\'e4\'e4 valokuvia ja muita kohteita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Suosikit-ele\b0\par
Suosikit-ele k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 tietyn sovelluksen tai tietyt sovellukset.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota Suosikit -ele k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon. Voit valita k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4t sovellukset napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4n eleen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4 hieman tilaa.\par
2.\tab Pid\'e4 sormia paikallaan, kunnes sovellus k\'e4ynnistyy tai sovellukset k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4t.\par
3.\tab Nosta sormet kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Sipaisu\b0\par
Sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Sen avulla voit selata Interneti\'e4 tai vieritt\'e4\'e4 valokuvia. Voit my\'f6s ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kuvaesitystilan tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 sipaisemalla.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota sipaisu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Navigoiminen sipaisemalla:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea kosketuslevyn pinnalle. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4 hieman tilaa\par
2.\tab Sipaise kosketuslevy\'e4 sormillasi suoraviivaisesti ja jatkuvasti haluttuun suuntaan. Siirr\'e4 sormia kosketuslevyn laidasta toiseen.\par
3.\tab Jos siirr\'e4t sormiasi vaakasuunnassa oikealle tai vasemmalle, valokuva -tai selainikkunaa vieritet\'e4\'e4n eteen -tai taaksep\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Sipaisemisen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen kuvaesitystilassa:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Voit ottaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi yl\'f6sp\'e4in.\par
2.\tab Voit poistaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi alasp\'e4in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Kotiin-toiminto\b0\par
Kotiin-toiminto tyhjent\'e4\'e4 ty\'f6p\'f6yd\'e4n pienent\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kaikki avoimet ikkunat. T\'e4m\'e4n eleen toistaminen palauttaa ikkunat ennalleen.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota Kotiin -toiminto k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Kotiin-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta peukalosi \i tyvi \i0 TouchPadin pinnalle.\par
2.\tab Pid\'e4 k\'e4tt\'e4si paikallaan, kunnes ty\'f6p\'f6yd\'e4ll\'e4 n\'e4kyv\'e4t ikkunat on pienennetty tai palautettu ennalleen.\par
3.\tab Nosta k\'e4si kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoomausalue\b0\par
Voit zoomata k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 TouchPadin vasenta reunaa. Zoomaaminen toimii samalla tavalla kuin selauspy\'f6r\'e4 Windows-ohjelmissa, jotka tukevat Ctrl-n\'e4pp\'e4imen pit\'e4mist\'e4 painettuna, kun selauspy\'f6r\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota zoomausalue k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\b L\'e4hent\'e4minen\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta sormesi kosketuslevylle l\'e4helle vasenta alakulmaa.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi kohti vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa.\par
3.\tab Toista liikett\'e4, kunnes kohdetta on suurennettu tarpeeksi.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Loitontaminen\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta sormesi kosketuslevylle l\'e4helle vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi kohti vasenta alakulmaa.\par
3.\tab Toista liikett\'e4, kunnes kohdetta on suurennettu tarpeeksi.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
\b TouchCheck\b0  suojaa vahingossa tapahtuvalta kosketukselta TouchPadia k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4. TouchCheck saa TouchPadin tunnistaman k\'e4mmenen painalluksen tai kosketuksen, kun kirjoitat n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n avulla. T\'e4m\'e4 auttaa est\'e4m\'e4\'e4n tahattomia osoittimen liikkeit\'e4 tai napsauttamisia.\par
\par
Jos osoitin liikkuu tai napsautuksia tulee tahattomasti, kasvata TouchCheck-asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Suurin\b0-asetusta. Jos kosketuslevy ohjaa osoitinta liian j\'e4yk\'e4sti tai napsauttaminen ei aina toimi, v\'e4henn\'e4 TouchCheck -asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Pienin\b0-asetusta. Liikkeit\'e4 tai napsautuksia voi j\'e4\'e4d\'e4 rekister\'f6im\'e4tt\'e4, jos liukus\'e4\'e4din on punaisella alueella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Kierr\'e4\b0\par
Kiert\'e4minen auttaa kiert\'e4m\'e4\'e4n kohteita, kuten valokuvia, PDF-asiakirjoja tai muita kohteita 90 astetta kerrallaan.\par
\par
Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota kallistuskiert\'e4minen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Kiert\'e4minen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi kosketuslevyn vasempaan alakulmaan ja pid\'e4 sit\'e4 paikallaan.\par
2.\tab Aseta toinen sormi l\'e4helle kosketuslevyn keskiosaa.\par
3.\tab Liikuta toista sormea ympyr\'e4ss\'e4 ensimm\'e4isen sormen ymp\'e4rill\'e4. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4linen et\'e4isyys pysyy samana, kun piirr\'e4t ympyr\'e4\'e4. Voit k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta haluamaasi suuntaan piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4 -tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Oikean kulman kiert\'e4minen\b0\par
Vot k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 TouchPadin oikean alakulman kallistuskiert\'e4mistoimintoa valitsemalla \b Oikean kulman kiert\'e4minen\b0  -valintaruudun. Kosketuslevyn oikean kulman k\'e4ytt\'e4minen voi olla mukavampaa, jos t\'e4m\'e4 ele tehd\'e4\'e4n vasemmalla k\'e4dell\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoomausnopeus\b0\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 ikkunan zoomausnopeutta siirrett\'e4ess\'e4 sormea zoomausalueella zoomausnopeuss\'e4\'e4timen avulla.\par
\par
Voit zoomata hitaammin siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Hidas\b0-asentoa kohti.\par
Voit zoomata nopeammin siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Nopea\b0-asentoa kohti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZone-alueet toimivat samoin kuin fyysiset painikkeet. ClickPadin alaosassa on kaksi ClickZone-aluetta. ClickZone-alueen painaminen vaikuttaa samalla tavalla kuin hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ClickZone -alueita valitsemalla \b Ota ClickZone -alueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Jos et ota ClickZone-alueita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota \b napauttaminen\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai napsauta ulkoisen hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta.\par
\par
Vasen ClickZone toimii kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Oikea ClickZone toimii kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit muuttaa asetuksia valitsemalla \b Ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautus\b0- tai \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 asetukset.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZone-alueet toimivat samoin kuin fyysiset painikkeet. ClickPadin alaosassa on kolme ClickZone -aluetta: vasemmalla, keskell\'e4 ja oikealla. ClickZone-alueen painaminen vaikuttaa samoin kuin painikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ClickZone-alueita valitsemalla \b Ota ClickZone -alueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Jos et ota ClickZone-alueita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota \b napauttaminen\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai napsauta ulkoisen hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta.\par
\par
Vasen ClickZone toimii kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Oikea ClickZone toimii kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Keskimm\'e4isen ClickZone-alueen painaminen vaikuttaa samoin kuin keskipainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit muuttaa asetuksia valitsemalla \b Ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautus\b0 -, \b Keskipainikkeen napsautus\b0- tai \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 asetukset.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
Voit valita vasemmalle ClickZone-alueelle toiminnon luettelosta.\par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin.\par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
Voit valita keskimm\'e4iselle ClickZone-alueelle toiminnon luettelosta.\par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin.\par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
Voit valita oikealle ClickZone-alueelle toiminnon luettelosta.\par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin.\par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZone-alueet toimivat samoin kuin fyysiset painikkeet. ClickPadin alaosassa on kaksi ClickZone-aluetta. ClickZone-alueen painaminen vaikuttaa samalla tavalla kuin hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ClickZone-alueita valitsemalla \b Ota ClickZone -alueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Jos et ota ClickZone -alueita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota fyysiset painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, jotta voit napsauttaa hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta. Jos et ota ClickZone-alueita tai fyysisi\'e4 painikkeita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota \b Napautusalueet\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n \b Napautus\b0-valikkopuusta tai napsauta ulkoisen hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta.\par
\par
Vasen ClickZone ja fyysinen painike toimivat kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Oikea ClickZone ja fyysinen painike toimivat kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit muuttaa asetuksia valitsemalla \b Ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautus\b0- tai \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0- vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 asetukset.\par
\par
N\'e4et ClickZone-alueiden toiminnan napsauttamalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZone-alueet toimivat samoin kuin fyysiset painikkeet. ClickPadin alaosassa on kolme ClickZone-aluetta: vasemmalla, keskell\'e4 ja oikealla. ClickZone-alueen painaminen vaikuttaa samoin kuin ykk\'f6s-, keski- tai kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 ClickZone-alueita valitsemalla \b Ota ClickZone -alueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Jos et ota ClickZone-alueita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota fyysiset painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, jotta voit napsauttaa hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta. Jos et ota ClickZone-alueita tai fyysisi\'e4 painikkeita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota \b Napautusalueet\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n \b Napautus\b0  -valikkopuusta tai napsauta ulkoisen hiiren ykk\'f6s -tai kakkospainiketta.\par
\par
Vasen ClickZone ja painike toimivat kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Oikea ClickZone ja painike toimivat kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit muuttaa asetuksia valitsemalla \b Ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautus\b0- tai \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 asetukset.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
Voit valita vasemmalle ClickZone-alueelle toiminnon luettelosta. Vasemmalle ClickZone-alueelle valitsemasi toiminto m\'e4\'e4ritet\'e4\'e4n automaattisesti ykk\'f6spainikkeelle. Jos esimerkiksi haluat vaihtaa vasemman ja oikean ClickZone -alueen toimintoja kesken\'e4\'e4n, valitse \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehto. Vaihda t\'e4ll\'f6in oikean ClickZone-alueen toiminnoksi \b Ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautus\b0 .\par
\par
Monet toiminnot eiv\'e4t vaadi lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai m\'e4\'e4ritysvalintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin. N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
N\'e4et vasemman ClickZone-alueen toiminnan napsauttamalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
Voit valita keskimm\'e4iselle ClickZone -alueelle toiminnon luettelosta. Keskimm\'e4iselle ClickZone -alueelle valitsemasi toiminto m\'e4\'e4ritet\'e4\'e4n automaattisesti keskimm\'e4iselle fyysiselle painikkeelle (jos sellainen on k\'e4ytett\'e4viss\'e4). Jos esimerkiksi valitset \b Siirry Aloita -painikkeeseen\b0  -vaihtoehdon, keskimm\'e4isen alueen napsauttaminen siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen Windowsin teht\'e4v\'e4palkin \b Aloita\b0-painikkeeseen ja avaa \b K\'e4ynnist\'e4-valikon\b0  automaattisesti.\par
\par
Monet toiminnot eiv\'e4t vaadi lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai m\'e4\'e4ritysvalintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin. N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
N\'e4et keskimm\'e4isen ClickZone-alueen toiminnan napsauttamalla N\'e4yt\'e4 video -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
Voit valita oikealle ClickZone-alueelle toiminnon luettelosta. Oikealle ClickZone-alueelle valitsemasi toiminto m\'e4\'e4ritet\'e4\'e4n automaattisesti fyysiselle kakkospainikkeelle. Jos esimerkiksi haluat vaihtaa vasemman ja oikean ClickZone-alueen toimintoja kesken\'e4\'e4n, valitse \b Ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehto. Vaihda t\'e4ll\'f6in oikean ClickZone -alueen toiminnoksi \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0 .\par
\par
Monet toiminnot eiv\'e4t vaadi lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai m\'e4\'e4ritysvalintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin. N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
N\'e4et oikean ClickZone-alueen toiminnan napsauttamalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
ClickButton-ominaisuus muuttaa ClickPadin koko pinnan yhdeksi suureksi virtuaaliseksi painikkeeksi. ClickPadin painaminen vaikuttaa samoin kuin ykk\'f6s , keski- tai kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota ClickButtons k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Yhdell\'e4 sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Kahdella sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Kolmella sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten keskipainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit muuttaa asetuksia valitsemalla \b Yhdell\'e4 sormella napsautus\b0- , \b Kahdella sormella napsautus\b0- tai \b Kolmella sormella napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sen asetukset.\par
\par
Jos et ota ClickButtons-toimintoa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota \b napauttaminen\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai napsauta ulkoisen hiiren ykk\'f6s-, kakkos- tai keskipainiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Voit napsauttaa yhdell\'e4 sormella painamalla ClickPadin pintaa, kunnes tunnet sen painuvan alasp\'e4in. Yhdell\'e4 sormella napsauttaminen vastaa oletusarvoisesti hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista. \par
\par
Voit muuttaa oletusasetusta valitsemalla vaihtoehdon luettelosta. \par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin. \par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Voit napsauttaa kahdella sormella painamalla niill\'e4 ClickPadin pintaa, kunnes tunnet sen painuvan alasp\'e4in. Kahdella sormella napsauttaminen vastaa oletusarvoisesti hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsauttamista. \par
\par
Voit muuttaa oletusasetusta valitsemalla vaihtoehdon luettelosta. \par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin. \par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Voit napsauttaa kolmella sormella painamalla niill\'e4 ClickPadin pintaa, kunnes tunnet sen painuvan alasp\'e4in. Kolmella sormella napsauttaminen vastaa oletusarvoisesti hiiren keskipainikkeen napsauttamista. \par
\par
Voit muuttaa oletusasetusta valitsemalla vaihtoehdon luettelosta. \par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin. \par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
ClickButton-ominaisuus muuttaa ClickPadin koko pinnan yhdeksi suureksi virtuaaliseksi painikkeeksi. Saat aikaan saman tuloksen kuin napsauttamalla ykk\'f6s-, keski- tai kakkospainiketta painamalla mit\'e4 kohtaa tahansa. Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota ClickButtons k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
Yhdell\'e4 sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Kahdella sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Kolmella sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten keskipainikkeen napsauttaminen. Voit muuttaa asetuksia valitsemalla \b Yhdell\'e4 sormella napsautus\b0-, \b Kahdella sormella napsautus\b0- tai \b Kolmella sormella napsautus\b0  -vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sen asetukset.\par
\par
Jos et ota ClickButtons -toimintoa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota fyysiset painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, jotta voit napsauttaa hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta. Jos et ota ClickButtons-toimintoa tai fyysisi\'e4 painikkeita k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota \b Napautusalueet\b0  k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n \b Napautus\b0-valikkopuusta tai napsauta ulkoisen hiiren ykk\'f6s-, kakkos- tai keskipainiketta.\par
\par
Voit muuttaa painikeasetuksia valitsemalla valikkopuusta \b Fyysiset painikkeet\b0  -vaihtoehdon ja m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0- ja \b Kakkospainikkeen napsautus\b0  -toiminnot haluamallasi tavalla.\par
\par
N\'e4et ClickButtons-toiminnon toiminnan napsauttamalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
TwistRotate auttaa kiert\'e4m\'e4\'e4n kohteita, kuten valokuvia tai PDF-tiedostoja. Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla \b Ota TwistRotate k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehdon. \par
\par
\b TwistRotate-eleen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse kierrett\'e4v\'e4 kohde.\par
2.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea TouchPadin pinnalle. J\'e4t\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin v\'e4h\'e4n tilaa.\par
3.\tab Kierr\'e4 sormia my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. K\'e4\'e4nn\'e4 niit\'e4 samoin kuin k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4isit nuppia.\par
4.\tab Toista liike tarvittaessa.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 kohteita ClickZone-alueiden avulla napsauttamalla ja pudottamalla.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Korosta siirrett\'e4v\'e4 kohde osoittimen avulla. \par
2.\tab Paina ClickZone-aluetta, joka vastaa ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista. Oletusarvoisesti se on vasen ClickZone. \par
3.\tab Pid\'e4 ClickZone painettuna. Ved\'e4 valittu kohde haluamaasi paikkaan toisen sormen avulla.\par
4.\tab Nosta sormesi ClickZone-alueelta, kun haluat vapauttaa vedett\'e4v\'e4n kohteen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Jos napsauttaminen ja vet\'e4minen on vaikeaa, varmista, ett\'e4 ClickZone -alueet on otettu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ja ett\'e4 painat ClickZone-aluetta, joka on m\'e4\'e4ritetty vastaamaan ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista.\par
\par
Voit tarkistaa ClickZone-asetukset valitsemalla valikkopuusta \b Painikkeet ja ClickZone -alueet\b0  -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta napsauttamalla ja vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 yhdell\'e4 sormella. Jos et ota ClickButtons-toimintoa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, ota fyysiset painikkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, jotta voit napsauttaa hiiren ykk\'f6s- tai kakkospainiketta.\par
\par
\b Yhdell\'e4 sormella napsauttaminen ja vet\'e4minen:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Korosta siirrett\'e4v\'e4 kohde osoittimen avulla. \par
2.\tab Aseta yksi sormi ClickPadille. \par
3.\tab Pid\'e4 ClickPadia painettuna. Ved\'e4 valittu kohde haluamaasi paikkaan.\par
4.\tab Nosta sormesi ClickPadilta, kun haluat vapauttaa vedett\'e4v\'e4n kohteen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Kahdella sormella napsauttaminen ja vet\'e4minen:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Korosta siirrett\'e4v\'e4 kohde osoittimen avulla.\par
2.\tab Aseta kaksi sormea ClickPadille. \par
3.\tab Pid\'e4 ClickPadia painettuna. Ved\'e4 valittu kohde haluamaasi paikkaan.\par
4.\tab Nosta sormesi ClickPadilta, kun haluat vapauttaa vedett\'e4v\'e4n kohteen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0 -s\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka voimakkaasti Scroll Padia on painettava, jotta se reagoi.\par
\par
Jos Scroll Pad toimii hallitsemattomasti tai k\'e4yt\'e4t tietokonetta kosteassa ilmassa, v\'e4henn\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
Jos Scroll Padia on painettava kovaa, lis\'e4\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Kevyt kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
\b Herkkyys\b0 -asetusten avulla voit mukauttaa Scroll Padin reagointia kosketukseen. Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 herkkyysasetuksia valitsemalla kohteen \b Herkkyys\b0-valikkopuusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99 est\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4st\'e4 Scroll Padia vahingossa. PalmCheck saa Scroll Padin tunnistaman k\'e4mmenen painalluksen tai kosketuksen, kun kirjoitat n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n avulla. T\'e4m\'e4 auttaa est\'e4m\'e4\'e4n tahatonta vieritt\'e4mist\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
Voit ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n t\'e4m\'e4n laitteen painikkeen \b Ota painike k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun avulla. Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 painikkeen painamisen vaikutuksen valitsemalla painikkeen nimen valikkopuusta.\par
\par
Jos \b Ota painike k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -vaihtoehtoa ei ole valittu, painike poistetaan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 eik\'e4 sen painamisella ole vaikutusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
Voit valita painikkeelle toiminnon luettelosta. Valittu toiminto tehd\'e4\'e4n aina painaessasi painiketta.\par
\par
Huomaa, ett\'e4 painike on otettava k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, jotta sille voidaan valita toiminto. Voit ottaa painikkeen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n toimimalla seuraavasti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Valitse vasemmalla n\'e4kyv\'e4st\'e4 valikkopuusta \b Painike\b0-vaihtoehto\par
2.\tab Valitse \b Ota painike k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
3.\tab Valitse painike \b Painike\b0-valikkopuusta. Palaat t\'e4lle sivulle.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
N\'e4iden asetusten avulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, mit\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta vieritet\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Joissakin sovelluksissa voit valita py\'f6rityskulman. \b Ota py\'f6rityskulma k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -kent\'e4ss\'e4 valitsemasi vaihtoehto otetaan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, jos sovellus tukee sit\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
N\'e4et t\'e4m\'e4n eleen toiminnan napsauttamalla \b N\'e4yt\'e4 video\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
Jos valitset Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n reunanapautuksen suodatus -vaihtoehton, sormen osumista vahingossa TouchPadin reunaan ei oteta huomioon.\par
\par
Reuna on kuvassa n\'e4kyv\'e4 varjostettu alue. Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 reunan kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 mustia koonmuutoskahvoja. Huomaa, ett\'e4 t\'e4m\'e4 asetus ei vaikuta osoittimen liikkeeseen, alueen valintaan, vieritysalueseen ja eleiden tulkintaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
K\'e4ynnistysalue-ominaisuus auttaa v\'e4hent\'e4m\'e4\'e4n osoittimen tahatonta liikett\'e4 ja alueen valintaa. \par
\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 asetus on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, sormen tulee koskettaa TouchPadin k\'e4ynnistysaluetta, jotta osoitin liikkuu tai alue valitaan. Jos osoitinta yritet\'e4\'e4n siirt\'e4\'e4 tai valita alue sormen koskettaessa muuta kuin k\'e4ynnistysaluetta, kosketusta ei oteta huomioon. Kun osoittimen siirt\'e4minen tai alueen valitseminen aloitetaan k\'e4ynnistysalueelta, TouchPadin aloitusalueen ulkopuoliset alueet toimivat normaalisti, kunnes k\'e4ynnistysalue poistetaan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4. Edell\'e4 kuvattua s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 voit valita, kuinka pian k\'e4ynnistysalue poistetaan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, kun levy\'e4 ei kosketa. K\'e4ynnistysalue ei vaikuta napauttamiseen, vieritysalueisiin eik\'e4 eleisiin.\par
\par
Saat parhaat tulokset ottamalla PalmCheck-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n t\'e4m\'e4n ominaisuuden lis\'e4ksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0 -s\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka voimakkaasti Scroll Sensoria on painettava, jotta se reagoi.\par
\par
Jos Scroll Sensor toimii hallitsemattomasti tai k\'e4yt\'e4t tietokonetta kosteassa ilmassa, v\'e4henn\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
Jos Scroll Sensoria on painettava kovaa, lis\'e4\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Kevyt kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
\b Herkkyys\b0-asetusten avulla voit mukauttaa Scroll Sensorin reagointia kosketukseen. Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 herkkyysasetuksia valitsemalla kohteen \b Herkkyys\b0-valikkopuusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
Jos kahden sormen kaksoisnapaus on otettu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, voit k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 valitsemasi sovelluksen napauttamalla TouchPadia kahdesti kahdella sormella. (Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4 hieman tilaa.) Voit valita k\'e4ynnistett\'e4v\'e4n sovelluksen napsauttamalla M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4-painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
K\'e4ynnistysalue on edellisess\'e4 kuvassa n\'e4kyv\'e4 varjostettu alue. Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 aloitusalueen kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 mustia koonmuutoskahvoja. \par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Mik\'e4 ClickPad on?\b0\par
\par
Synaptics ClickPad\'99 toimii samalla tavalla kuin Synaptics TouchPad\'99. ClickPadin avulla voidaan vieritt\'e4\'e4, osoittaa ja valita samalla tavalla kuin TouchPadin avulla.\par
\par
ClickPad kuitenkin antaa periksi, kun sit\'e4 painetaan. ClickPadin painaminen tuntuu samalta kuin painikkeen painaminen. Siksi ClickPad on k\'e4tev\'e4 vaihtoehto fyysille painikkeille tai hiirelle.\par
\par
ClickPadiss\'e4 on toinen tai molemmat seuraavista ominaisuuksista:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButton-painikkeet\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones-alueet\par
\pard\tx180\par
Saat lis\'e4tietoja n\'e4ist\'e4 ominaisuuksista valitsemalla sen vasemmalla n\'e4kyv\'e4st\'e4 valikkopuusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Suurennustila\b0\par
Kun suurennustila on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, osoitin voidaan muuttaa suurennuslasiksi. T\'e4ll\'f6in osa n\'e4ytt\'f6\'e4 suurennetaan. Sy\'f6t\'e4 suurennuslasin koko v\'e4lilt\'e4 100\endash 400 kuvapistett\'e4 kuhunkin suuntaan ja oletusarvoinen zoomaustaso.\par
\par
\b Suurennuslasitilaan siirtyminen ja sen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\b0\par
Aseta yksi sormi TouchPadille ja kaksoisnapauta sit\'e4 toisella sormella. N\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulee suorakulmainen suurennuslasi.\par
\par
Suurennustilassa voit siirt\'e4\'e4 suurennuslasia samalla tavalla kuin siirt\'e4isit osoitinta. Voit lis\'e4t\'e4 tai v\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 suurennusta puristuszoomauseleen avulla.\par
\par
\b Suurennuslasitilasta poistuminen:\b0\par
Voit palauttaa osoittimen normaaliksi napsauttamalla hiiren ykk\'f6spainiketta ja napauttamalla TouchPad tai painamalla Esc-n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Kahden sormen yksitt\'e4inen napautus\b0\par
Kun otat k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kahden sormen yksitt\'e4isen napautuksen, TouchPad toimii painikkeena, kun sit\'e4 napautetaan kahdella sormella. Valitse luettelosta kahden sormen yksitt\'e4iseen napautukseen yhdistett\'e4v\'e4 toiminta ja m\'e4\'e4rit\'e4 asetukset tarvittaessa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen siirt\'e4minen pystysuuntaan\b0\par
Kolmen sormen siirt\'e4minen pystysuuntaan tuo n\'e4kyviin Oma tietokone -ikkunan ja Teht\'e4vienvaihtajan. Voit ottaa kolmen sormen siirt\'e4misen yl\'f6sp\'e4in k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n napsauttamalla Oma tietokone -valintaruutua. Voit ottaa kolmen sormen siirt\'e4misen alasp\'e4in k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n napsauttamalla Vaihda ikkunoita -valintaruutua.\par
\par
\b Kolmen sormen siirt\'e4minen yl\'f6sp\'e4in:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea TouchPadin alaosaan hieman erill\'e4\'e4n toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormiasi kohti TouchPadin yl\'e4reunaa.\par
3.\tab N\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulee Oma tietokone -ikkuna.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Kolmen sormen siirt\'e4minen alasp\'e4in:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta kolme sormea TouchPadin yl\'e4osaan hieman erill\'e4\'e4n toisistaan.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormiasi kohti TouchPadin alareunaa.\par
3.\tab Nosta sormet TouchPadilta. \par
4.\tab N\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tulee Teht\'e4vi\'e4nvaihtaja.\par
5.\tab Voit vaihtaa sovelluksia siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kolmea sormea vasemmalle tai oikealle.\par
6.\tab Kun haluamasi sovellus korostetaan, voit vaihtaa siihen nostamalla sormesi pois TouchPadin pinnalta.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 helpottaa osoittimen siirt\'e4mist\'e4 pitk\'e4lle. Kun sormesi tulee kosketuslevyn reunaan, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4 samaan suuntaan, kunnes nostat sormen irti kosketuslevyst\'e4.\par
\par
Voit ottaa EdgeMotion-toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n varmistamalla, ett\'e4 napauttaminen on k\'e4ytlss\'e4 ja valitsemalla haluamasi EdgeMotion-vaihtoehdot. \par
\par
EdgeMotion ohjaa my\'f6s vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion-toimintoa vieritt\'e4ess\'e4si valitsemalla haluamasi vieritysvaihtoehdot.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
\b TouchPadin k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4poistoalue\b0  mahdollistaa TouchPadin ottamisen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai poistamisen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 kaksoisnapauttamalla TouchPadin kulma-aluetta.\par
Jos TouchPad on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, voit poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 kaksoisnapauttamalla kulmaa. Jos TouchPad on pois k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, voit ottaa sen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kaksoisnapauttamalla kulmaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n ruudun valitseminen ottaa kaksoisnapautuksen ja t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n. Valinnan poistaminen t\'e4st\'e4 ruudusta poistaa kaksoisnapautuksen ja t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Voit ottaa pysty- ja vaakasuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun.\par
Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta tai ikkunaa pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi yl\'f6s tai alas TouchPadin pinnalla.\par
Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta tai ikkunaa vaakasuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi vasemmalle tai oikealle TouchPadin pinnalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Voit ottaa pysty -ja vaakasuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun.\par
Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta tai ikkunaa pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kahta sormea yl\'f6s tai alas TouchPadin pinnalla.\par
Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 valittua kohdetta tai ikkunaa vaakasuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kahta sormea vasemmalle tai oikealle TouchPadin pinnalla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
Jos kahden sormen kaksoisnapaus on otettu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, voit k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 valitsemasi sovelluksen napauttamalla TouchPadia\'99 kahdesti kahdella sormella. (Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4 hieman tilaa.) Voit valita k\'e4ynnistett\'e4v\'e4n sovelluksen napsauttamalla M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4-painiketta.\par
\par
Kahden sormen kaksoisnapautuksen ottaminen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota napautus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  on valittu \b Napautus\b0  -sivulla.\par
2.\tab Valitse edell\'e4 n\'e4kyv\'e4 \b Ota kahden sormen napsautus k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruutu.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b Kosketuslevyn poistaminen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0\par
Jos et halua k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevy\'e4, voit poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4. Kaksoisnapsauta kosketuslevyn vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa. Teht\'e4v\'e4palkissa n\'e4kyv\'e4 kosketuslevyn kuvake muuttuu sen merkiksi, ett\'e4 kosketuslevy ei ole k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
Voit palauttaa kosketuslevyn takaisin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kaksoisnapsauttamalla vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa uudelleen. Teht\'e4v\'e4palkissa n\'e4kyv\'e4 kuvake palautuu normaaliksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
\b Switch TouchPad\'99 off (Poista kosketuslevy k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4)\b0  -vaihtoehto pit\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn poissa k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, kunnes se otetaan takaisin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kaksoisnapsauttamalla vasenta yl\'e4kulmaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
\b Poista kosketuslevy k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 yhden istunnon ajaksi\b0  -vaihtoehto pit\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn poissa k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 nykyisen istunnon ajan. Kosketuslevy palautuu automaattisesti k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n, kun k\'e4yt\'e4t sit\'e4 seuraavalla sis\'e4\'e4nkirjautumiskerralla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Herkkyys\b0\par
Herkkyys -asetusten avulla voit mukauttaa Scroll Sensorin reagointia kosketukseen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
EdgeMotion\'99 ohjaa my\'f6s vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion\'99-toimintoa vieritt\'e4misen aikana valitsemalla \b Vieritys\b0  -valikon \b Ota Enable EdgeMotion\'99 k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vierityksen aikana\b0  -kohdasta \b Vieritys yhden sormen avulla\b0  - tai \b Vieritys kahden sormen avulla\b0 -vaihtoehdon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 suodatin auttaa ennakoimaan, milloin k\'e4yt\'e4t yhdell\'e4 sormella vieritt\'e4misen aluetta tarkoituksella. Jos huomaat vieritt\'e4misen k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4n vahingossa, ota t\'e4m\'e4 suodatin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 suodatin auttaa ennakoimaan, milloin k\'e4yt\'e4t puristuszoomausta, kahdella sormella vieritt\'e4mist\'e4, kiert\'e4mist\'e4 ja sovelluseleit\'e4 tarkoituksella.\par
\par
Eleit\'e4 voi tehd\'e4 kosketuslevyn varjostetulla alueella. Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 t\'e4m\'e4n alueen kokoa vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 mustia koonmuutoskahvoja.\par
\par
Jos ele osuu muulle kuin merkitylle alueella, elett\'e4 ei oteta huomioon. Jos huomaat puristuszoomaamisen, vieritt\'e4misen kahdella sormella tai kiert\'e4misen k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4n vahingossa, ota t\'e4m\'e4 suodatin k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b MultiFinger-eleet\b0\par
MultiFinger-eleet toimivat oikopolkuina usein k\'e4ytettyihin sovelluksiin ja toimintoihin. N\'e4iden eleiden vaikutus tietokoneeseen voi vaihdella sovelluskohtaisesti. Saat tietoja yksitt\'e4isten eleiden toiminnasta niiden ohjeesta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Vieritt\'e4minen kahden sormen avulla\b0\par
Vieritt\'e4ess\'e4si kahdella sormella voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 vaaka- tai pystysuuntaan miss\'e4 tahansa kosketuslevyn pinnalla. Aseta kaksi sormea kosketuslevylle ja siirr\'e4 niit\'e4 haluamaasi suuntaan. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4, vaikka sormet eiv\'e4t olisi vieritysalueella.\par
\par
Kahdella sormella vieritt\'e4minen n\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n opetusohjelmassa. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormet ovat hieman erossa toisistaan. Voit lopettaa vierityksen nostamalla molemmat sormet kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Ota pystyvieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Voit ottaa pystysuuntaisen vierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 valittua ikkunaa tai kohdetta pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kahta sormea kosketuslevyll\'e4 yl\'f6s tai alas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Ota vaakavieritys k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Voit ottaa virtuaalisen vaakavierityksen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ikkunoissa, joissa on vaakasuuntaiset vierityspalkit. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 valitussa ikkunassa tai kohteessa vaakasuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi kosketuslevyn alalaidassa vaakasuunnassa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Ota EdgeMotion\'99 k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vierityksen aikana\b0\par
Jos haluat vierityksen jatkuvan sormesi tultua kosketuslevyn reunaan, valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu. Voit lopettaa vierityksen nostamalla sormesi kosketuslevyst\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Ota Coasting k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Coasting-toiminto auttaa vieritt\'e4m\'e4\'e4n pitki\'e4 asiakirjoja helposti. Valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu, jos haluat vierityksen jatkuvan, vaikka nostat sormesi kosketuslevylt\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 Coasting-toimintoa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi ja nostamalla sit\'e4 yhdell\'e4 tasaisella liikkeell\'e4. Voit lopettaa Coasting-toiminnon asettamalla sormesi j\'e4lleen kosketuslevylle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Harjoitteleminen\b0\par
Voit opetella vieritt\'e4mist\'e4 helpon sokkeloteht\'e4v\'e4n avulla napsauttamalla Harjoittelu-painiketta.\par
\par
Tutustu sokkkeloon ennen aloittamista, jotta l\'f6yd\'e4t sis\'e4\'e4nmeno- ja ulostulokohdat. Koko sokkeloa ei voi n\'e4hd\'e4, koska se on suurempi kuin ikkuna, jossa se n\'e4kyy. Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 vieritt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4. Pid\'e4 Ctrl-n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna ja vierit\'e4 sokkelon koon muuttamiseksi.\par
\par
Sokkelon vasemmassa yl\'e4kulmassa n\'e4kyy keltainen piste sokkelon sis\'e4\'e4nmenon merkiksi. Sokkelon oikealla puolella n\'e4kyv\'e4 sininen piste merkitsee ulostulokohtaa.\par
\par
Vieritt\'e4misen harjoitteleminen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Voit aloittaa napsauttamalla keltaisen pisteen punaista neli\'f6t\'e4.\par
2.\tab Kulje sokkelon l\'e4pi nuolin\'e4pp\'e4imien avulla tai napsauttamalla kosketuslevy\'e4.\par
3.\tab Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sokkelon n\'e4kym\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 haluamaasi vieritysmenetelm\'e4\'e4.\par
4.\tab Kun olet saavuttanut oikean alakulman sinisen pisteen, voit sulkea harjoitteluikkunan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Puristuszoomaus\b0\par
Puristuszoomauksesta on hy\'f6ty\'e4 monissa tilanteissa. Puristuszoomaaminen toimii samalla tavalla kuin selauspy\'f6r\'e4 Windows-ohjelmissa, jotka tukevat Ctrl-n\'e4pp\'e4imen pit\'e4mist\'e4 painettuna, kun selauspy\'f6r\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytet\'e4\'e4n.\par
\par
Voit ottaa puristuszoomaamisen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla Puristuszoomaus-vaihtoehdon. T\'e4m\'e4 ele esitell\'e4\'e4n opetusohjelmassa. Saat parhaat tulokset k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormenp\'e4it\'e4si.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoomausnopeus\b0\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 ikkunan zoomausnopeutta puristuszoomattaessa zoomausnopeuss\'e4\'e4timen avulla.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Voit zoomata hitaammin siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Hidas\b0 -asentoa kohti.\par
Voit zoomata nopeammin siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Nopea\b0 -asentoa kohti.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Ota Pivot Rotate k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 ruutu on valittu, voit kiert\'e4\'e4 kohteita, kuten valokuvia, 90 astetta kerrallaan.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ele esitell\'e4\'e4n opetusohjelmassa. Varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4linen et\'e4isyys pysyy samana t\'e4m\'e4n eleen aikana.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Oikean kulman nivel\b0\par
Vot k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn oikean alakulman kallistuskiert\'e4mistoimintoa valitsemalla Right Corner Pivot (Oikean kulman nivel) -valintaruudun. T\'e4m\'e4 voi olla mukavampaa, jos t\'e4m\'e4 ele tehd\'e4\'e4n vasemmalla k\'e4dell\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Ota ChiralRotate\'99 k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n ruudun voit kiert\'e4\'e4 valittuja kohteita 90 astetta kerrallaan ChiralRotate\'99-eleen avulla. Huomaa, ett\'e4 ChiralRotate\'99 toimii vain sen kanssa yhteensopivissa ohjelmistoissa.\par
\par
T\'e4m\'e4n ChiralRotate\'99-eleen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi kosketuslevyn vasemmalle kohdealueelle (alaosaan).\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormea alas- tai yl\'f6sp\'e4in ja piirr\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4. Voit k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 kohdetta my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4p\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. Voit k\'e4\'e4nt\'e4\'e4 kohdetta vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n piirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n.\par
3.\tab Voit palata osoitustilaan nostamalla sormesi kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen painallus\b0\par
Kolmella sormella painaminen k\'e4ynnist\'e4\'e4 tietyn sovelluksen, kun t\'e4m\'e4 ruutu on valittu. Voit valita k\'e4ynnistyv\'e4t sovellukset napsauttamalla asetuspainiketta.\par
\par
Kolmella sormella painaminen esitell\'e4\'e4n opetusohjelmassa. Kun teet t\'e4m\'e4n eleen, varmista, ett\'e4 sormien v\'e4liin j\'e4\'e4 hieman tilaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0\par
Kosketusherkkyys-s\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka voimakkaasti on painettava, jotta osoitin liikkuu tietyll\'e4 nopeudella. Jos osoitin liikkuu virheellisesti, yrit\'e4 siirt\'e4\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Raskas kosketus -kohtaa\b0. Jos painamista ei tunnisteta, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Kevyt kosketus -kohtaa\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Vieritys\b0\par
Vieritysominaisuudet auttavat ohjaamaan tietyn ikkunan vierityspalkkeja, joten osoitinta ei tarvitse siirt\'e4\'e4 pois ty\'f6st\'e4. Vieritysominaisuudet toimiivat useimmissa vieritett\'e4viss\'e4 ikkunoissa, kuten asiakirjoissa, laskentataulukoissa ja suurissa digitaalikuvissa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vieritys taaksep\'e4in\b0\par
T\'e4ll\'e4 toiminnolla voidaan muuttaa yleist\'e4 vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Tavallinen vieritys siirt\'e4\'e4 vierityspalkkia sormen liikkeen suuntaan. K\'e4\'e4nteinen vieritys siirt\'e4\'e4 asiakirjaa tai kohdetta sormen liikkeen suuntaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Ota ChiralScrolling\b0\'99 k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\par
T\'e4m\'e4 mahdollistaa vieritt\'e4misen jatkuvasti yhdell\'e4 tasaisella ympyr\'e4liikkeell\'e4. Vieritysnopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sormen nopeuden mukaan. Voit ottaa t\'e4m\'e4n toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla Ota ChiralScrolling k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n -valintaruudun.\par
\par
ChiralScrolling-vieritt\'e4minen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta yksi sormi kohdealueelle. Yl\'f6s tai alas vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on TouchPadin\'99 oikeassa laidassa. Vasemmalle tai oikealle vieritt\'e4misen kohdealue on TouchPadin\'99 alalaidassa.\par
2.\tab Siirr\'e4 sormeasi suuntaan, johon haluat vieritt\'e4\'e4. Tee sormella ympyr\'e4 my\'f6t\'e4- tai vastap\'e4iv\'e4\'e4n. Kun ChiralScrolling on aloitettu, voit piirt\'e4\'e4 sormellasi ympyr\'e4\'e4 miss\'e4 tahansa TouchPadin\'99 pinnalla. Huomio: Voit vaihtaa vierityssuuntaa vaihtamalla liikkeen suuntaa. Piirr\'e4 ympyr\'e4\'e4 vastakkaiseen suuntaan.\par
3.\tab Voit lopettaa vierityksen ja palata osoitustilaan nostamalla sormen kosketuslevylt\'e4.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Ota EdgeMotion\'99 k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n vierityksen aikana\b0\par
Jos haluat vierityksen jatkuvan sormesi tultua kosketuslevyn reunaan, valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Vieritysalue\b0\par
Vieritysaluekaavio esitt\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn pintaa. Ristill\'e4 merkity alue osoittaa kosketuslevyn pinnan vieritysalueet.\par
\par
Kun asetat sormesi kosketuslevylle, sen kaavion reunaan tulee nuoli osoittamaan sormesi sijaintia. Jos sormesi on kosketuslevyn aktiivisella vieritysalueella, kuvan vastaavan vieritysalueen v\'e4ri muuttuu.\par
\par
Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 vieritysalueita vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen reunassa n\'e4kyvi\'e4 pieni\'e4 mustia neli\'f6it\'e4. Jos selaamisen aloittaminen on vaikeaa, yrit\'e4 suurentaa selaamisaluetta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen kulmia sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos selaaminen alkaa liian helposti, yrit\'e4 pienent\'e4\'e4 vieritysaluetta.\par
\par
Jos vieritysalueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 pysty- ja vaakavieritys on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Kiert\'e4minen\b0\par
Kiert\'e4mistoiminto on k\'e4tev\'e4 tapa kiert\'e4\'e4 valokuvia ja muita kohteita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
PalmCheck\'99 est\'e4\'e4 k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4st\'e4 kosketuslevy\'e4 vahingossa. PalmCheck\'99 saa kosketuslevyn tunnistaman k\'e4mmenen painalluksen tai kosketuksen, kun kirjoitat n\'e4pp\'e4imist\'f6n avulla. T\'e4ll\'f6in kosketus j\'e4tet\'e4\'e4n ottamatta huomioon. T\'e4m\'e4 auttaa est\'e4m\'e4\'e4n tahattomia osoittimen liikkeit\'e4 tai napsauttamisia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\'99-herkkyys\b0\par
PalmCheck\'99-herkkyytt\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 kirjoitus- ja osoitustottumustesi mukaisesti.\par
\par
Jos osoitin liikkuu tai napsautuksia tulee tahattomasti, kasvata PalmCheck\'99-asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle kohti \b Suurin\b0 -asetusta.\par
\par
Jos kosketuslevy ohjaa osoitinta liian j\'e4yk\'e4sti tai napsauttaminen ei aina toimi, v\'e4henn\'e4 PalmCheck\'99-asetusta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 vasemmalle kohti \b Pienin\b0 -asetusta. Liikkeita tai napsautuksia voi j\'e4\'e4d\'e4 rekister\'f6im\'e4tt\'e4, jos liukus\'e4\'e4din on punaisella alueella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
Momentum-ominaisuus toimii tasaisen nopeasti kuin pallohiiri. Voit siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen n\'e4yt\'f6n toiseen laitaan viem\'e4ll\'e4 sormen nopeasti TouchPadin\'99 pinnalle. Momentum v\'e4hent\'e4\'e4 osoittimen pitki\'e4 matkoja siirt\'e4misest\'e4 aiheutuvaa v\'e4symyst\'e4. Se toimii tasaisen luonnollisesti kuin pallohiiri. Momentum on oikea valinta reaaliaikaisiin strategiapeleihin (RTS), ensimm\'e4isen persoonan ampumispeleihin (FPS) ja roolipeleihin (RPG).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Liukuet\'e4isyys\b0\par
Liukuet\'e4isyys-s\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka pitk\'e4lle osoitin siirtyy, kun kosketuslevy\'e4 sipaistaan hiirell\'e4. Voit pys\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen asettamaalla sormesi kosketuslevylle tai napsauttamalla sit\'e4 kerran.\par
\par
Voit kasvattaa liukumiset\'e4isyytt\'e4 viem\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Pitk\'e4\b0 -asentoa tai lyhent\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4 viem\'e4ll\'e4 kohti \b Lyhyt\b0 -asentoa.\par
\par
\b Ota k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ponnahtaminen n\'e4yt\'f6n reunasta\b0\par
Jos haluat pit\'e4\'e4 osoittimen tietokoneen n\'e4yt\'f6n reunojen sis\'e4puolella, valitse t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu. Pongahtamnen n\'e4yt\'f6n reunasta helpottaa valikon vaihtoehtojen valitsemista ja n\'e4yt\'f6n ikkunan reunojen l\'e4hell\'e4 sijaitsevien s\'e4\'e4timien k\'e4ytt\'e4mist\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
EdgeMotion\'99 helpottaa osoittimen siirt\'e4mist\'e4 pitk\'e4lle. Kun sormesi tulee kosketuslevyn reunaan, osoitin jatkaa liikett\'e4 samaan suuntaan, kunnes nostat sormen irti kosketuslevyst\'e4.\par
\par
EdgeMotion\'99 ohjaa my\'f6s vieritt\'e4mist\'e4. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion\'99-toimintoa vieritt\'e4ess\'e4si valitsemalla \b Vieritys\b0 -kohdasta \b Ota EdgeMotion\'99 k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -valintaruudun.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99-alue\b0\par
Asetusikkunan EdgeMotion\'99-alue-kaavio kuvaa kosketuslevyn pintaa. Ristill\'e4 merkity alue osoittaa kosketuslevyn pinnan EdgeMotion\'99-alueet.\par
\par
Kun asetat sormesi kosketuslevylle, EdgeMotion\'99-alueen reunaan tulee nuolia osoittamaan sormesi sijaintia. Jos sormesi on kosketuslevyn EdgeMotion\'99-alueella, vastaavan EdgeMotion\'99-alueen v\'e4ri muuttuu yhten\'e4iseksi.\par
\par
Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion\'99-alueita vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen reunassa n\'e4kyvi\'e4 pieni\'e4 mustia neli\'f6it\'e4. Jos EdgeMotion\'99-toiminnon aloittaminen on vaikeaa, yrit\'e4 suurentaa EdgeMotion\'99-aluetta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen reunoja sis\'e4\'e4np\'e4in. Jos EdgeMotion\'99-toiminto k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, yrit\'e4 pienent\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion\'99-aluetta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Nopeuden ohjaaminen sormea painamalla\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittu, EdgeMotion\'99-nopeus m\'e4\'e4r\'e4ytyy sen mukaan, kuinka voimakkaasti painat kosketuslevy\'e4 sormellasi. Vieritysopeus lis\'e4\'e4ntyy, kun painat kovempaa.\par
\par
\b Kiinte\'e4 nopeus\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittu, osoitin liikkuu aina tietyll\'e4 vakionopeudella, kun sormi on EdgeMotion\'99-alueella.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Helppok\'e4ytt\'f6isyys\b0\par
Helppok\'e4ytt\'f6ominaisuudet auttavaat valitsemaan, kuinka osoitin reagoi osoittamiseen. Esimerkiksi osoitin voidaan pit\'e4\'e4 tietyss\'e4 ikkunassa, liikett\'e4 voidaan hidastaa tai osoittimen liikkeen suuntaa voidaan rajoittaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Paikalleen j\'e4\'e4v\'e4t reunukset\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n vaihtoehdon avulla voit rajoittaa osoittimen j\'e4\'e4m\'e4\'e4n aktiiviseen ikkunaan. Jos yrit\'e4t siirt\'e4\'e4 osoittimen ikkunan ulkopuolelle ensimm\'e4isen kerran, se pys\'e4htyy ikkunan reunaa. Jos yrit\'e4t toisen kerran, osoitin poistuu ikkunasta vapaasti.\par
\par
Osoittimen pys\'e4ytt\'e4minen ikkunan reunaan helpottaa ikkunan reunojen l\'e4hell\'e4 sijaitsevien s\'e4\'e4timien k\'e4ytt\'e4mist\'e4. Jos esimerkiksi suljet ikkunan tai muutat sen kokoa, voit siirt\'e4\'e4 osoitinta nopeasti Sulje-painikkeen suuntaan tai ikkunan reunaan, ja osoitin pys\'e4htyy tarkalleen reunaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Hidastuksen ottaminen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4 toiminto on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, voit hidastaa osoittimen nopeutta osoitustarkkuuden lis\'e4\'e4miseksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Rajoitetun liikkeen ottaminen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus mahdollistaa osoittimen siirt\'e4misen vain pysty- tai vaakasuunnassa. T\'e4m\'e4 toiminto on hy\'f6dyllinen k\'e4ytett\'e4ess\'e4 piirt\'e4misohjelmaa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Napauttaminen\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu on valittu, napsauttaminen vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista. Jos poistat valinnan t\'e4st\'e4 valintaruudusta, napsauttaminen onnistuu vain kosketuslevyn painikkeiden avulla.\par
\par
Napauttaminen merkitsee kosketuslevyn koskettamista nopeasti ja sormesi nostamista pois sen pinnalta. Kevyt nopea napautus toimii parhaiten. Eritt\'e4in voimakas tai hidas napautus toimii huonommin. Yksi napauttaminen vastaa hiiren painikkeen napsauttamista kerran. Kaksi nopeasti toisiaan seuraavaa napautusta vastaavat kaksoisnapsauttamista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Lukitusvedot\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 ominaisuus on valittu, kohteita voidaan vet\'e4\'e4 pitki\'e4 matkoja n\'e4yt\'f6n poikki k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 useita sormien liikkeit\'e4. Kun vet\'e4misen lukitus on valittu, vet\'e4minen jatkuu, kun nostat sormesi kosketuslevylt\'e4. Voit lopettaa vet\'e4misen ja pudottaa kohteen napsauttamalla kosketuslevy\'e4 uudelleen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Ota napsautusvy\'f6hykkeet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0\par
Kun t\'e4m\'e4 valintaruutu on valittu, voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 tietyn toiminnon tai pikakuvakkeen kaikkiin kosketuslevyn kulmiin. Kun napsautat jotan napautusaluetta kerran, tietty toiminto tehd\'e4\'e4n. T\'e4m\'e4 s\'e4\'e4st\'e4 aikaa ja napsautuksia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0\par
Valitse toiminto luetteloruudusta. Se yhdistet\'e4\'e4n napautusalueeseen. Monet toiminnot eiv\'e4t vaadi lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitaan lis\'e4tietoja, M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4-painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n. N\'e4et toiminnon asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4-painiketta.\par
Napautusalueisiin voidaan yhdist\'e4\'e4 useita toimintoja. K\'e4ytet\'e4viss\'e4 voi olla lis\'e4toimintoja, jos tietokoneeseen on asennettu kolmannen osapuolen lis\'e4ohjelma kosketuslevy\'e4 varten. Jos luetteloruudun vaihtoehdot n\'e4kyv\'e4t harmaina eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi valita, varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota napautusalueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n \b0 -ruutu on valittu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Painikkeet\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4n osoituslaitteen painikkeet toimivat oletusarvoisesti kuin hiiren painikkeet. Jos t\'e4t\'e4 ruutua ei ole valittu, painikkeet on poistettu k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4, joten niiden painamisella ei ole vaikutusta. Voit napauttaa vain napsauttamalla osoitinlaitetta.\par
\par
Voit my\'f6s m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toisen toiminnon, kun painat painiketta. Voit esimerkiksi m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 kakkospainikkeen avaamaan tietyn Web-sivun oletusselaimessa. Kun napsautat osoitinlaitteen kakkospainiketa, selain k\'e4ynnistyy automaattisesti ja tuo n\'e4kyviin tietyn Web-sivun.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Painiketoiminto\b0\par
Voit valita painikkeelle toiminnon avattavasta valikosta. Valittu toiminto tehd\'e4\'e4n aina painaessasi painiketta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Ominaisuudet-ikkunan k\'e4ytt\'e4minen\b0\par
Voit mukauttaa osoituslaitteesi asetukset t\'e4ss\'e4 Ominaisuudet-ikkunassa. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 mukautettavia ominaisuuksia valikkopuun avulla. N\'e4et vaihtoehdot napsauttamalla ominaisuuden vieress\'e4 n\'e4kyv\'e4\'e4 nuolta.\par
\par
\b Ominaisuuksien ottaminen k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n ja poistaminen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4\b0\par
Voit ottaa ominaisuuden k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla ruudun tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 poistamalla valinnan.\par
\par
\b Asetukset\b0\par
Jos ominaisuuden valitseminen tuo n\'e4kyviin ominaisuuskuvakkeen, joka korostetaan, kun viet osoittimen sen kohdalle, voit mukauttaa ominaisuuden asetuksia kaksoisnapsauttamalla t\'e4m\'e4n ominaisuuden nime\'e4. Jos asetuskuvaketta ei voi napsauttaa, varmista, ett\'e4 ominaisuuden valintaruutu ja mahdolliset yl\'e4tason valintaruudut on valittu.\par
\par
\b Ohje\b0\par
Saat t\'e4m\'e4n n\'e4kyviin ohjeita napsauttamalla kysymysmerkkikuvaketta tai Ohje-painiketta.\par
\par
\b Sulje-painike\b0\par
Voit sulkea ikkunan napsauttamalla asetusikkunan Sulje-painiketta. Muutokset tulevat voimaan pysyv\'e4sti, kun napsautat Ominaisuudet-ikkunan \b K\'e4yt\'e4\b0  - tai \b OK\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\b Oletukset-painike\b0\par
Ominaisuudet-ikkunan Oletukset-painike palauttaa kaikki kosketuslevyn asetukset tehdasasetuksiksi.\par
\par
Asetukset-ikkunan Oletukset-painike palauttaa kaikki nykyisen ikkunan asetukset tehdasasetuksiksi. Muutokset tulevat voimaan pysyv\'e4sti, kun napsautat Ominaisuudet-ikkunan \b K\'e4yt\'e4\b0  - tai \b OK\b0  -painiketta.\par
\par
\b OK-painike\b0\par
OK-painike tallentaa muutokset ja sulkee Ominaisuudet-ikkunan.\par
\par
\b Peruuta-painike\b0\par
Peruuta-painike sulkee Ominaisuudet-ikkunan muutoksia tallentamatta.\par
\par
\b K\'e4yt\'e4-painike\b0\par
K\'e4yt\'e4-painike tallentaa muutokset mutta j\'e4tt\'e4\'e4 Ominaisuudet-ikkunan avoimeksi, jotta voit jatkaa muutosten tekemist\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Vieritysnopeus\b0\par
Vieritysnopeuden s\'e4\'e4din s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 vieritysnopeutta. Voit nopeuttaa vieritt\'e4mist\'e4 vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 oikealle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Osoittaminen\b0\par
Osoittaminen-asetussivulla voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, kuinka osoitin reagoi osoittaessasi ja valitessasi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0\par
Kosketusherkkyys-s\'e4\'e4timen avulla voit valita, kuinka voimakkaasti kosketuslevy\'e4 on painettava, jotta se reagoi.\par
\par
Jos osoitin liikkuu tai napsahtelee itsest\'e4\'e4n tai k\'e4yt\'e4t tietokonetta kosteassa ilmassa, v\'e4henn\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Raskas kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
Jos kosketuslevy\'e4 on painettava kovaa tai jos se ei aina reagoi napsautuksiin, lis\'e4\'e4 herkkyytt\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Kevyt kosketus\b0  -asetusta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Napsautusvy\'f6hykkeet\b0\par
Napautusaluekaavio esitt\'e4\'e4 kosketuslevyn pintaa. Ristill\'e4 merkitty alue osoittaa kosketuslevyn pinnan napautusalueet. Kun asetat sormesi kosketuslevylle, sen kaavion reunaan tulee nuoli osoittamaan sormesi sijaintia. Jos sormesi on kosketuslevyn napautusalueella, vastaavan napautusalueen v\'e4ri muuttuu yhten\'e4iseksi.\par
\par
Voit suurentaa tai pienent\'e4\'e4 napautysalueita vet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 ristill\'e4 merkityn alueen reunassa n\'e4kyvi\'e4 pieni\'e4 mustia neli\'f6it\'e4. Jos napautusalue-toiminnon aloittaminen on hankalaa, suurenna napautussaluetta. Jos napautusaluetoiminto k\'e4ynnistyy liian helposti, pienenn\'e4 napautusaluetta.\par
\par
Jos napautusalueet ovat harmaita eik\'e4 niit\'e4 voi s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, varmista, ett\'e4 \b Ota napautusalueet k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n\b0  -ruutu on valittu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Valitse painamalla\b0\par
Valitse painamalla -ominaisuus mahdollisaa hiiren napsauttamista vastaavan toiminnon k\'e4ytt\'e4misen napauttamalla ja painamalla.\par
\par
Osoitinsauvan k\'e4rjen napauttaminen tai painaminen vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista Napauttaminen voi sujua nopeammin ja helpommin kuin hiiren painikkeen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen.\par
\par
Napauttaminen merkitsee osoitinsauvan koskettamista nopeasti ja sormesi nostamista pois sen pinnalta. Kevyt nopea napautus toimii parhaiten. Eritt\'e4in voimakas tai hidas napautus toimii huonommin. Yksi napauttaminen vastaa hiiren painikkeen napsauttamista kerran. Kaksi nopeasti toisiaan seuraavaa napautusta vastaavat kaksoisnapsauttamista.\par
\par
Painaminen merkitsee osoitinsauvan k\'e4rjen painamista alasp\'e4in nopeasti sormella. Kevyt m\'e4\'e4r\'e4tietoinen painallus toimii parhaiten. Painamalla suoraan alasp\'e4in voit j\'e4ljitell\'e4 hiiren painikkeen napsauttamista ja pit\'e4mist\'e4 painettuna. Paina suoraan alasp\'e4in ja sivulle. T\'e4m\'e4 vastaa napsauttamista ja vet\'e4mist\'e4. Lopeta painaminen, kun haluat vapauttaa hiiren painikkeen.\par
\par
Voit napsauttaa my\'f6s painikkeiden avulla. Jos poistat valinnan t\'e4st\'e4 ruudusta, voit napsauttaa vain k\'e4ytt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 painikkeita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Valitseminen vain painamalla\b0\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittu, osoitinsauvan k\'e4rjen painaminen valitsee kohteen, mutta sit\'e4 ei avata eik\'e4 siirret\'e4.\par
\par
\b Valitsminen ja vet\'e4minen painamalla\b0\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto on valittu, osoitinsauvan k\'e4rjen painaminen valitsee kohteen ja pit\'e4\'e4 sen valittuna, jotta voit siirt\'e4\'e4 sit\'e4 osoitinsauvalla. Se vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista ja pit\'e4mist\'e4 painettuna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Valitse painamalla vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista\b0\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto valitaan, osoitinsauvan painaminen vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista.\par
\par
\b Valitse painamalla vastaa hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsauttamista\b0\par
Jos t\'e4m\'e4 vaihtoehto valitaan, osoitinsauvan painaminen vastaa hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsauttamista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Tahti\b0\par
Tahti-liukus\'e4\'e4timen avulla valitaan, kuinka nopeasti osoitinsauvaa on painettava, jotta se tulkitaan valitsemiseksi painamalla. S\'e4\'e4d\'e4 Tahti-liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4, kunnes painaminen tunnistetaan oikein. Jos painamista ei tunnisteta, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Nopea-asentoa\b0. Jos painaminen tunnistetaan liian herk\'e4sti, siirr\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Hidas-asentoa\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Kosketusherkkyys\b0\par
Herkkyysasetusten avulla voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4, kuinka paljon osoitinsauvaa on painettava, jotta osoitin liikkuu tietyll\'e4 nopeudella.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Kolmen sormen sipaisu\b0\par
Kolmen sormen sipaisu helpottaa siirtymist\'e4 useissa sovelluksissa. Sen avulla voit selata Interneti\'e4 tai vieritt\'e4\'e4 valokuvia valokuvienkatseluikkunassa. Voit my\'f6s ottaa k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n kuvaesitystilan tai poistaa sen k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 sipaisemalla kolmella sormella. Voit ottaa kolmella sormella sipaisun k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n valitsemalla t\'e4m\'e4n valintaruudun.\par
\par
Kolmella sormella sipaisu esitell\'e4\'e4n opetusohjelmassa. Kun teet t\'e4m\'e4n eleen, varmista, ett\'e4 sormet ovat hieman erossa toisistaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Kolmen sormen sipaisu vaakasuuntaan\par
Jos siirr\'e4t sormiasi vaakasuunnassa oikealle tai vasemmalle, valokuva- tai selainikkunaa vieritet\'e4\'e4n eteen- tai taaksep\'e4in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Kolmen sormen sipaisu pystysuuntaan\par
Voit ottaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi yl\'f6sp\'e4in. Voit poistaa kuvaesitystilan k\'e4yt\'f6st\'e4 siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormiasi alasp\'e4in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 EdgeMotion\'99-nopeutta liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4. Voit lis\'e4t\'e4 nopeutta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Nopea\b0 -asentoa ja hidastaa nopeutta siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 liukus\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 kohti \b Hidas\b0 -asentoa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
Kun hidastus on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, valitse luetteloruudusta n\'e4pp\'e4in, joka aloittaa hidastuksen. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 hidastusta pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 tietty\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna siirt\'e4ess\'e4si osoitinta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
Kun hidastus tai rajoitettu liike on k\'e4yt\'f6ss\'e4, valitse luetteloruudusta n\'e4pp\'e4in, joka aloittaa hidastuksen. Voit k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 liikkeen rajoittamista pit\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 tietty\'e4 n\'e4pp\'e4int\'e4 painettuna siirt\'e4ess\'e4si osoitinta. Osoittimen alkuper\'e4inen suunta m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4, mihin suuntaan osoitin liikkuu, kun sormesi on kosketuslevyll\'e4.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Peit\'e4-ele\b0\par
T\'e4m\'e4 ele tyhjent\'e4\'e4 ty\'f6p\'f6yd\'e4n pienet\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 kaikki avoimet ikkunat. T\'e4m\'e4n eleen toistaminen palauttaa ikkunat ennalleen.\par
\par
Peit\'e4-eleen k\'e4ytt\'e4minen\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Aseta nelj\'e4 sormea kosketuslevylle siten, ett\'e4 suurin osa siit\'e4 peittyy.\par
2.\tab Pid\'e4 sormiasi paikallaan, kunnes ikkunat on pienennetty tai palautettu ennalleen.\par
3.\tab Nosta sormet TouchPadilta\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Smart Check -asetukset voivat auttaa v\'e4hent\'e4m\'e4\'e4n TouchPadin\'99 ep\'e4toivottua k\'e4ytt\'e4ytymist\'e4. Saat lis\'e4tietoja napsauttamalla ominaisuuksia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
ClickPadin painaminen vaikuttaa samoin kuin ykk\'f6s-, keski- tai kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen.\par
\par
Yhdell\'e4 sormella painaminen vaikuttaa oletusarvoisesti kuten ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttaminen. Kahdella sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten kakkospainikkeen napsauttaminen. Kolmella sormella painaminen vaikuttaa kuten keskipainikkeen napsauttaminen. Valitse \b kahdella sormella napsauttaminen \b0 ja \b kolmella sormella napsauttaminen \b0 n\'e4iden ominaisuuksien m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4miseksi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Voit napsauttaa yhdell\'e4 sormella painamalla ClickPadin pintaa, kunnes tunnet sen painuvan alasp\'e4in. Yhdell\'e4 sormella napsauttaminen vastaa hiiren ykk\'f6spainikkeen napsauttamista.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
ClickPadin oikean alakulman napsauttaminen vastaa oletusarvoisesti hiiren kakkospainikkeen napsauttamista.\par
\par
Kulman napsauttamisen yhdell\'e4 sormella vaikutukset voidaan m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4. Voit m\'e4\'e4ritt\'e4\'e4 toiminnon valitsemalla sen luettelosta.\par
\par
Jotkin toiminnot edellytt\'e4v\'e4t lis\'e4m\'e4\'e4rityksi\'e4. Jos tarvitset lis\'e4tietoja, \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0 -painike tulee k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n tai valintaikkuna tulee n\'e4kyviin.\par
\par
N\'e4et asetukset ja voit muuttaa niit\'e4 napsauttamalla \b M\'e4\'e4rit\'e4\b0 -painiketta.\par
\par
Napsauta ClickPadin vasenta alaosaa, jos k\'e4yt\'e4t vasenk\'e4tisten asetuksia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Voit s\'e4\'e4t\'e4\'e4 Coasting-et\'f6isyyden liukus\'e4\'e4timell\'e4. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 kauemmas siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Suurin\b0 -asentoa kohti. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 l\'e4hemm\'e4s siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 s\'e4\'e4dint\'e4 \b Pienin\b0 -asentoa kohti. Jos liukus\'e4\'e4din ei liiku, varmista, ett\'e4 Coasting on otettu k\'e4ytt\'f6\'f6n.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Selaus yhden sormen avulla\b0\par
Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 pystysuunnassa.\par
\par
Napsauta vieritett\'e4v\'e4\'e4 ikkunaa tai kohdetta. Voit vieritt\'e4\'e4 pystysuunnassa siirt\'e4m\'e4ll\'e4 sormeasi yl\'f6s tai alas kosketuslevyn oikeassa reunassa.\par
\par
Jos vieritys ei toimi, varmista, ett\'e4 oikea valintaruutu on valittu ja ett\'e4 ikkunaa tai napsautettua kohdetta voi vieritt\'e4\'e4. Jos ongelmat jatkuvat, tarkista \b Vieritysalue\b0  -asetus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x040C\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0509200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0518200900, Windows est actif\~: removed \~ at topic 3\par
v0526200900, Above "correction" is not correct. Reintroduced hard space.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0611200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1108200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0219201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Sujet d'aide non d\'e9fini\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
La fen\'eatre \b Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0  permet de personnaliser les r\'e9glages du dispositif de pointage. Utilisez l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche pour acc\'e9der aux fonctions personnalisables.\par
\par
\b Utilisation de la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0\par
Cliquez sur une fonction dans l'arborescence des menus pour afficher une page de r\'e9glages pour cette fonction. Certaines fonctions pr\'e9sentent plusieurs pages de r\'e9glages. Cliquez sur le signe plus (+) en regard d'une fonction pour voir toutes les pages associ\'e9es. Les r\'e9glages apparaissent dans la fen\'eatre \'e0 droite de l'arborescence des menus. Les informations sur ces options et les instructions sur leur modification apparaissent dans cette bo\'eete d'information. Vous pouvez utiliser la barre de d\'e9filement pour les afficher.\par
\par
\b Bouton Par d\'e9faut\b0\par
Le bouton \b Par d\'e9faut\b0  permet de r\'e9tablir tous les r\'e9glages de la page actuelle aux valeurs d\'e9finies en usine.\par
\par
\b Bouton OK\b0\par
Le bouton \b OK\b0  permet d'enregistrer les modifications et de fermer la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s.\par
\par
\b Bouton Annuler\b0\par
Le bouton \b Annuler\b0  permet de fermer la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s sans enregistrer les changements et de r\'e9tablir toutes les fonctions \'e0 leurs r\'e9glages pr\'e9c\'e9dents.\par
\par
\b Bouton Appliquer\b0\par
Le bouton \b Appliquer\b0  permet d'enregistrer les changements, tout en gardant la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s ouverte pour effectuer des changements suppl\'e9mentaires.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
La case \'e0 cocher \b Activer boutons\b0  permet d'activer les boutons \'ab de la souris \'bb pour ce type de dispositif de pointage. Pour configurer l'action effectu\'e9e lorsque vous appuyez sur un bouton, s\'e9lectionnez le nom du bouton dans l'arborescence des menus. Par exemple, vous pouvez d\'e9finir que le bouton droit \'ab va \'e0 une page Web dans votre navigateur par d\'e9faut \'bb. Chaque fois que vous cliquez sur le bouton droit du dispositif de pointage, votre navigateur Internet s'ouvre automatiquement et charge la page sp\'e9cifi\'e9e.\par
\par
Lorsque \b Activer boutons\b0  n'est pas s\'e9lectionn\'e9, les boutons sont d\'e9sactiv\'e9s, et le fait d'appuyer dessus n'a aucun effet ; taper est la seule mani\'e8re de cliquer avec le dispositif de pointage.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Faire d\'e9filer l'\'e9l\'e9ment sous le pointeur\b0\par
L'option Faire d\'e9filer l'\'e9l\'e9ment sous le pointeur permet de faire syst\'e9matiquement d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre sp\'e9cifique de l'application active situ\'e9e sous le pointeur. Si le pointeur n'est pas situ\'e9 sur l'application active, aucun d\'e9filement n'est possible.\par
Par exemple, lorsque l'Explorateur Windows est actif\~: si le pointeur est plac\'e9 sur le volet de gauche, c'est l'arborescence pr\'e9sentant la structure des r\'e9pertoires qui d\'e9file. Si le pointeur est plac\'e9 sur le volet de droite, c'est la liste affich\'e9e qui d\'e9file. Si vous cliquez ensuite sur une autre application, l'Explorateur Windows ne d\'e9file plus, m\'eame si le pointeur se trouve sur une de ses fen\'eatres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action dans la liste ci-dessus pour l'affecter au bouton s\'e9lectionn\'e9. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e se produit chaque fois que vous appuyez sur le bouton.\par
\par
Si vous ne pouvez pas s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste, assurez-vous que les boutons sont activ\'e9s. Pour activer les boutons, suivez la proc\'e9dure suivante :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b Boutons\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer boutons\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez le bouton dans l'arborescence des menus \b Boutons\b0  pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Ce bouton fait appara\'eetre une bo\'eete de dialogue pertinente \'e0 l'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e dans la liste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
La fonction \b Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner\b0  permet de taper et d'appuyer pour effectuer les clics de la \'ab souris \'bb.\par
\par
Taper ou appuyer sur l'extr\'e9mit\'e9 du b\'e2tonnet de pointage revient \'e0 cliquer le bouton gauche de la souris. Mais la frappe ou l'appui peut \'eatre plus rapide et plus pratique.\par
\par
\'ab Taper \'bb signifie frapper le haut du b\'e2tonnet de pointage et rel\'e2cher rapidement le doigt. Une tape l\'e9g\'e8re et rapide constitue la m\'e9thode la plus efficace. Les tapes tr\'e8s fortes ou lentes sont moins efficaces. Tapez une fois pour cliquer une fois ou deux fois en succession rapide pour double-cliquer.\par
\par
\'ab Appuyer \'bb veut dire appuyer rapidement avec le doigt sur le haut du b\'e2tonnet de pointage. Appuyer l\'e9g\'e8rement et d\'e9lib\'e9r\'e9ment constitue la m\'e9thode la plus efficace. Appuyez bien droit pour simuler l'action \'ab cliquer et maintenir appuy\'e9 le bouton de la souris \'bb. Appuyez bien droit puis vers le c\'f4t\'e9 pour cliquer-d\'e9placer dans une direction. Rel\'e2chez la pression lorsque vous d\'e9sirez rel\'e2cher le bouton de la souris.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner\b0  pour activer cette fonction.\par
\par
Les boutons physiques peuvent aussi \'eatre utilis\'e9s pour cliquer ; si vous d\'e9s\'e9lectionnez cette case \'e0 cocher, seuls les boutons physiques permettent de cliquer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
L'arborescence des menus r\'e9pertorie les options pour le dispositif de pointage. Pour configurer une option, il suffit de cliquer sur l'\'e9l\'e9ment correspondant \'e0 cette option.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Les pages de r\'e9glage \b D\'e9placement du pointeur\b0  permettent de sp\'e9cifier comment le pointeur de la \'ab souris \'bb se d\'e9place sur l'\'e9cran en r\'e9ponse aux actions du dispositif de pointage.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
La fonction \b D\'e9placement restreint\b0  permet de forcer un d\'e9placement purement horizontal ou vertical du pointeur sur l'\'e9cran. Cette fonction est particuli\'e8rement utile lors de l'utilisation d'un programme de dessin. La fonction D\'e9placement restreint est activ\'e9e en appuyant sur une touche sp\'e9cifi\'e9e du clavier et en la maintenant appuy\'e9e pendant le d\'e9placement du pointeur. Lorsque la touche est appuy\'e9e, la direction initiale de d\'e9placement du pointeur d\'e9termine la direction de d\'e9placement permise tant que le doigt reste sur le TouchPad.\par
\par
Pour activer la fonction D\'e9placement restreint :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer d\'e9placement restreint\b0  pour activer les options de la liste.\par
2.\tab Choisissez une touche dans la liste pour activer D\'e9placement restreint.\par
3.\tab Appuyez sur la touche s\'e9lectionn\'e9e et maintenez-la appuy\'e9e lorsque vous d\'e9sirez restreindre le d\'e9placement du pointeur.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner signifie cliquer sur le bouton gauche\b0\par
Cette option produit un clic du bouton gauche de la souris lorsque vous tapez ou appuyez sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage. Un clic du bouton droit de la souris permet g\'e9n\'e9ralement d'afficher un menu d\'e9roulant de contexte.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Ces touches permettent d'activer le mode D\'e9placement restreint. S\'e9lectionnez la touche de votre choix en cliquant sur l'\'e9l\'e9ment de la liste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
La fonction \b D\'e9placement en bordure (EdgeMotion\'99)\b0  permet de simplifier les d\'e9placements du pointeur sur de longues distances. Lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad, le pointeur continue de se d\'e9placer dans la m\'eame direction jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous releviez le doigt. S\'e9lectionnez une des options de d\'e9placement en bordure.\par
\par
La fonction D\'e9filement virtuel supporte aussi le d\'e9placement en bordure. Pour contr\'f4ler le d\'e9placement en bordure lors du d\'e9filement, s\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement sur grande distance\b0  sous \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Effectuer le d\'e9placement en bordure uniquement lors du d\'e9placement d\rquote objet\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le d\'e9placement en bordure ne se produit que lors d'un geste \'ab\~taper et d\'e9placer\~\'bb. Le d\'e9placement en bordure ne se produit pas lors des mouvements ordinaires du pointeur. Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, vous devez s\'e9lectionner l'option Taper.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Effectuer le d\'e9placement en bordure lors du d\'e9placement et du pointage\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le d\'e9placement en bordure se produit lorsque le doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Pas de d\'e9placement en bordure\b0\par
Pour d\'e9placer le pointeur sur de grandes distances sans d\'e9placement en bordure, il faut effectuer des mouvements r\'e9p\'e9t\'e9s du doigt sur le pav\'e9 ou augmenter la vitesse de d\'e9placement du pointeur dans le panneau de configuration de la souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
En s\'e9lectionnant la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer les zones tactiles\b0 , vous pouvez configurer chacun des quatre coins de la surface du TouchPad comme diff\'e9rents boutons activ\'e9s lorsque vous tapez dessus. Ces zones de coins s'appellent des \b zones tactiles\b0 .\par
\par
Taper au centre du TouchPad produit toujours un clic du bouton gauche.\par
\par
Si vous d\'e9s\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer les zones tactiles\b0 , taper n'importe o\'f9 sur le TouchPad produit un clic du bouton gauche.\par
\par
Diverses actions peuvent \'eatre affect\'e9es aux zones tactiles.\par
\par
Pour activer les zones tactiles :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Assurez-vous que la fonction \b Activer les fonctions tactiles\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e dans la page \b Taper\b0 .\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer les zones tactiles\b0  ci-dessus.\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez le nom d'une zone tactile dans l'arborescence des menus pour lui affecter une action.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 ex\'e9cuter lorsque vous tapez dans le coin inf\'e9rieur gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic central\b0 , taper dans le coin inf\'e9rieur gauche de la surface du TouchPad permet d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'un clic central. S\'e9lectionnez \b Aucune zone\b0  pour d\'e9sactiver cette zone tactile (taper dans cette zone revient alors \'e0 faire un clic gauche, comme sur le reste du pav\'e9).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 ex\'e9cuter lorsque vous tapez dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic central\b0 , taper dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche de la surface du TouchPad permet d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'un clic central. S\'e9lectionnez \b Aucune zone\b0  pour d\'e9sactiver cette \b zone tactile\b0  (taper dans cette zone revient \'e0 faire un clic gauche, comme sur le reste du pav\'e9).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 ex\'e9cuter lorsque vous tapez dans le coin sup\'e9rieur droit du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Cliquer \'e0 droite\b0 , taper dans le coin sup\'e9rieur droit de la surface du TouchPad permet d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur le bouton droit de la souris ou du TouchPad. S\'e9lectionnez \b Aucune zone\b0  pour d\'e9sactiver cette \b zone tactile\b0  (taper dans cette zone revient \'e0 faire un clic gauche, comme sur le reste du pav\'e9).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 ex\'e9cuter lorsque vous tapez dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Cliquer \'e0 droite\b0 , taper dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit de la surface du TouchPad permet d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur le bouton droit de la souris ou du TouchPad. S\'e9lectionnez \b Aucune zone\b0  pour d\'e9sactiver cette \b zone tactile\b0  (taper dans cette zone revient \'e0 faire un clic \'e0 gauche, comme sur le reste du pav\'e9).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Appuyez sur ce bouton pour afficher la bo\'eete de dialogue Propri\'e9t\'e9s pour l'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Le diagramme ci-dessus repr\'e9sente la surface du TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme repr\'e9sente les zones tactiles actives sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent le long du bord du diagramme du TouchPad pour montrer la position du doigt. Si le doigt est dans une zone tactile active sur le TouchPad, la zone tactile correspondante sur le diagramme appara\'eet de couleur unie. Il est possible d'agrandir ou de r\'e9duire les zones tactiles en d\'e9pla\'e7ant un des petits carr\'e9s noirs aux coins des zones hachur\'e9es.\par
\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher une action de zone tactile, essayez d'agrandir la zone tactile. Si une action de zone tactile se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone tactile.\par
\par
Si les zones tactiles sont grises et ne peuvent \'eatre ajust\'e9es, assurez-vous que \b Taper\b0  et \b Zones tactiles\b0  sont s\'e9lectionn\'e9s.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
Cette section permet de personnaliser les boutons du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Par d\'e9faut\b0\par
Permet de r\'e9tablir les valeurs par d\'e9faut de tous les param\'e8tres de cette page.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
La vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure peut \'eatre configur\'e9e pour rester fixe ou pour \'eatre sensible \'e0 la pression exerc\'e9e.\par
\par
\b Contr\'f4ler la vitesse par la pression exerc\'e9e\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option si vous souhaitez que la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure augmente lorsque le doigt exerce une pression plus forte sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
\par
\b Vitesse fixe\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option pour que la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure reste constante.\par
\par
\b R\'e9glage de la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure\b0\par
Ce curseur contr\'f4le la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure lorsque l'option \b Vitesse fixe\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e. Vous pouvez choisir la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure en r\'e9glant le curseur entre \b Lente\b0  et \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\par
Si les commandes de cette page sont gris\'e9es et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, assurez-vous que le d\'e9placement en bordure est activ\'e9. Pour activer le d\'e9placement en bordure, suivez la proc\'e9dure suivante :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9placement en bordure (EdgeMotion)\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez une des options \b de d\'e9placement en bordure\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b Vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Lorsque cette case \'e0 cocher est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure est d\'e9termin\'e9e par la pression exerc\'e9e par le doigt sur le TouchPad.\par
\par
Lorsque cette case \'e0 cocher n'est pas s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le pointeur se d\'e9place \'e0 la vitesse indiqu\'e9e par le curseur lorsque le doigt est dans la r\'e9gion de d\'e9placement en bordure.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette case \'e0 cocher pour obtenir une vitesse constante de d\'e9placement en bordure.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Taper sur la surface du TouchPad revient \'e0 cliquer sur le bouton gauche de \'ab souris \'bb du TouchPad. Mais la frappe est g\'e9n\'e9ralement plus rapide et plus pratique.\par
\par
\'ab Taper \'bb veut dire toucher du doigt la surface du TouchPad et relever rapidement le doigt. Une tape l\'e9g\'e8re et rapide constitue la m\'e9thode la plus efficace. Les tape tr\'e8s fortes ou lentes sont moins efficaces. Tapez une fois pour cliquer une fois, ou deux fois en succession rapide pour double-cliquer.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer les fonctions tactiles\b0  pour activer cette fonction. Les boutons du TouchPad permettent aussi de cliquer. Si vous d\'e9s\'e9lectionnez cette case \'e0 cocher, seuls les boutons du TouchPad permettent de cliquer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Tutoriel sur le d\'e9filement virtuel\b0\par
Ce simple labyrinthe vous permet d'apprendre comment utiliser la fonction D\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Lorsque la case \'e0 cocher \b Taper pour cliquer\b0  n'est pas s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, il est n\'e9cessaire d'appuyer sur les boutons du TouchPad pour cliquer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Taper de nouveau et maintenir le doigt pour d\'e9placer\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette case \'e0 cocher pour d\'e9placer des objets et des s\'e9lections en tapant sur le TouchPad. Pour d\'e9placer, tapez deux fois sur l'objet et maintenez le doigt sur le TouchPad au deuxi\'e8me contact. D\'e9placez l'objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 en glissant le doigt sur la surface du TouchPad et soulevez le doigt pour rel\'e2cher l'objet. Cette action revient \'e0 appuyer sur un bouton de la souris, d\'e9placer la souris, et rel\'e2cher le bouton de la souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Verrouiller d\'e9placement \b0\par
La fonction \b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0  permet de d\'e9placer des objets sur de grandes distances sur l'\'e9cran par plusieurs mouvements du doigt Lorsque \b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9, une action de d\'e9placement persiste apr\'e8s le rel\'e8vement du doigt du TouchPad. Tapez de nouveau sur le TouchPad ou cliquez sur n'importe quel bouton pour rel\'e2cher l'objet et terminer le d\'e9placement Pour activer l'option \b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0 , vous devez \'e9galement s\'e9lectionner les fonctions \b Taper\b0  et \b Taper de nouveau et maintenir le doigt appuy\'e9 pour d\'e9placer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
La fonction \b Contr\'f4le de la paume (PalmCheck\b0\'99) prot\'e8ge contre l'activation du TouchPad par contact accidentel. La fonction de contr\'f4le de la paume permet au TouchPad de reconna\'eetre lorsque la paume s'appuie sur sa surface ou l'effleure lors de la saisie au clavier. Ceci permet d'\'e9viter les clics ou mouvements du pointeur non d\'e9sir\'e9s.\par
\par
Si le TouchPad pr\'e9sente des clics ou d\'e9placements du pointeur non d\'e9sir\'e9s, augmentez le r\'e9glage de contr\'f4le de la paume en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur \'e0 droite vers \b Maximum\b0 . Si le TouchPad ne d\'e9tecte pas les d\'e9placements ou les pressions d\'e9sir\'e9s, r\'e9duisez le r\'e9glage de contr\'f4le de la paume en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur \'e0 gauche vers \b Minimum\b0 . Il y a plus de risques de ne pas prendre en compte de d\'e9placements ou de pressions si le curseur se trouve dans la zone rouge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Le curseur \b Sensibilit\'e9 \'e0 la pression\b0  permet de r\'e9gler la pression du doigt n\'e9cessaire \'e0 la r\'e9ponse du TouchPad.\par
\par
Si le pointeur se d\'e9place ou clique de mani\'e8re al\'e9atoire, ou si vous travaillez dans une r\'e9gion \'e0 forte humidit\'e9, r\'e9duisez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur \'e0 droite vers \b Pression forte\b0 .\par
\par
S'il faut appuyer trop fort pour faire fonctionner le TouchPad ou si le TouchPad ne r\'e9pond pas toujours au contact, augmentez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur \'e0 gauche vers \b Pression l\'e9g\'e8re\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Faire d\'e9filer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \b0\par
L'option Faire d\'e9filer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 permet de faire syst\'e9matiquement d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre sp\'e9cifique de l'application active sur laquelle agit le clavier. M\'eame si le pointeur ne se situe pas sur l'application active, c'est la fen\'eatre sur laquelle agit le clavier qui d\'e9file.\par
Par exemple, dans l'Explorateur Windows : Si vous cliquez sur le volet de gauche, puis que vous effectuez un d\'e9filement, quel que soit l'emplacement du pointeur, c'est l'arborescence pr\'e9sentant la structure des r\'e9pertoires qui d\'e9file.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer le d\'e9placement en bordure lors du d\'e9filement\b0  si vous souhaitez que le d\'e9filement continue lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Appuyer-pour-S\'e9lectionner signifie cliquer \'e0 droite\b0\par
Cette option produit un clic du bouton droit de la souris lorsque vous tapez ou appuyez sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage. Un clic du bouton droit de la souris permet g\'e9n\'e9ralement d'afficher un menu d\'e9roulant de contexte.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
La fonction \b Glissement\b0  permet de faire d\'e9filer facilement de longs documents. La fonction Glissement permet de continuer le d\'e9filement virtuel apr\'e8s rel\'e8vement du doigt du TouchPad. Pour utiliser Glissement, d\'e9placez le doigt et soulevez-le en un seul mouvement r\'e9gulier. Pour arr\'eater Glissement, placez de nouveau le doigt sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal\b0\par
S\'e9lectionner cette case \'e0 cocher permet d'activer le d\'e9filement virtuel horizontal sur les fen\'eatres \'e0 barre de d\'e9filement horizontal. Glisser le doigt dans les deux sens le long du bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer horizontalement la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0\par
S\'e9lectionner cette case \'e0 cocher permet d'activer le d\'e9filement virtuel vertical. Glisser le doigt dans les deux sens le long du bord droit du TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer verticalement la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Le diagramme ci-dessus repr\'e9sente la surface du TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme indique les zones de d\'e9filement virtuel sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent le long du bord du diagramme du TouchPad pour montrer la position du doigt. Si le doigt est dans une zone de d\'e9filement virtuel sur le TouchPad, la zone de d\'e9filement virtuel correspondante sur le diagramme appara\'eet de couleur unie. Il est possible d'agrandir ou de r\'e9duire les zones de d\'e9filement virtuel en d\'e9pla\'e7ant un des petits carr\'e9s noirs aux bords des zones hachur\'e9es.\par
\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher le d\'e9filement virtuel, essayez d'\'e9largir la r\'e9gion de d\'e9filement virtuel en d\'e9pla\'e7ant vers l'int\'e9rieur les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e. Si le d\'e9filement virtuel semble se d\'e9clencher trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone de d\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
Si les zones de d\'e9filement virtuel sont grises et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, assurez-vous que D\'e9filement virtuel est activ\'e9. Pour activer D\'e9filement virtuel, suivez la proc\'e9dure suivante :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez les cases \'e0 cocher \b Activer d\'e9filement\b0  d\'e9sir\'e9es.\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b Zone de d\'e9filement\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Bouton d'entra\'eenement\b0\par
Cliquez sur le bouton d'\b Entra\'eenement\b0  pour ex\'e9cuter le tutoriel sur le \b d\'e9filement virtuel\b0 . Ce simple labyrinthe vous permet d'apprendre comment utiliser la fonction D\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
REMARQUE : Assurez-vous que les cases \'e0 cocher \b Activer d\'e9filement horizontal\b0  et \b Activer d\'e9filement vertical\b0  sont s\'e9lectionn\'e9es.\par
\par
Examinez le labyrinthe avant de commencer pour identifier les points de d\'e9but et de fin. Vous ne pouvez pas voir le labyrinthe en entier car il est plus grand que la fen\'eatre dans laquelle il est affich\'e9. Utilisez le d\'e9filement virtuel pour d\'e9placer l'affichage du labyrinthe dans la fen\'eatre. Maintenez la touche Ctrl enfonc\'e9e et utilisez D\'e9filement virtuel pour agrandir ou r\'e9duire le labyrinthe.\par
\par
Un point jaune dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche du labyrinthe marque l'entr\'e9e du labyrinthe. Un point bleu sur le c\'f4t\'e9 droit du labyrinthe en marque la sortie.\par
\par
Pour commencer :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cliquez sur le carr\'e9 rouge dans le point jaune pour commencer.\par
2.\tab Utilisez les touches de d\'e9filement ou tapez sur le TouchPad pour naviguer dans le labyrinthe.\par
3.\tab Utilisez D\'e9filement virtuel pour d\'e9placer l'affichage du labyrinthe dans la fen\'eatre.\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton de fermeture de la fen\'eatre d'Entra\'eenement au d\'e9filement virtuel apr\'e8s avoir atteint le point bleu dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Ce curseur vous permet de contr\'f4ler la vitesse de \b d\'e9filement virtuel\b0 . D\'e9placez le curseur vers la droite pour acc\'e9l\'e9rer le d\'e9placement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Utilisez cette section pour personnaliser le d\'e9placement du pointeur. S\'e9lectionnez l'aide sur des domaines sp\'e9cifiques pour plus de d\'e9tails.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner et d\'e9placer\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option si vous voulez appuyer pour effectuer une s\'e9lection et un d\'e9placement, et si vous voulez taper pour effectuer juste une s\'e9lection.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
La fonction \b D\'e9placement lent\b0  permet de r\'e9duire la vitesse du pointeur pour am\'e9liorer la pr\'e9cision de pointage. La fonction D\'e9placement lent est activ\'e9e en appuyant sur une touche sp\'e9cifi\'e9e du clavier et en la maintenant appuy\'e9e pendant le d\'e9placement du pointeur.\par
\par
Pour activer la fonction D\'e9placement lent :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer d\'e9placement lent\b0  pour activer les options de la liste.\par
2.\tab Choisissez une touche dans la liste pour activer D\'e9placement lent.\par
3.\tab Appuyez sur la touche s\'e9lectionn\'e9e et maintenez-la appuy\'e9e lorsque vous d\'e9sirez un d\'e9placement lent.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Cette fonction permet de d\'e9placer automatiquement le pointeur sur le bouton Par d\'e9faut lorsqu'une bo\'eete de dialogue appara\'eet sur l'\'e9cran.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Il est parfois d\'e9sirable de ne d\'e9placer le pointeur qu'horizontalement ou que verticalement. Vous pouvez sp\'e9cifier une touche de d\'e9placement restreint du pointeur ; appuyez sur cette touche et maintenez-la appuy\'e9e lorsque vous d\'e9placez le pointeur. Lorsque cette touche est maintenue appuy\'e9e, la direction initiale du pointeur d\'e9termine si le pointeur est limit\'e9 \'e0 un mouvement exclusivement horizontal ou exclusivement vertical.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionner la vitesse de rafra\'eechissement \b Rapide\b0  du pointeur permet g\'e9n\'e9ralement de produire un d\'e9placement tr\'e8s r\'e9gulier du pointeur. Mais si le pointeur appara\'eet instable ou s'il scintille sur l'\'e9cran, essayez de s\'e9lectionner la vitesse de rafra\'eechissement \b Lente\b0  du pointeur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Les pages de propri\'e9t\'e9s de TouchPad Synaptics permettent de configurer le TouchPad. Ces pages se trouvent sur le panneau de configuration de propri\'e9t\'e9s de la souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Cliquez ici pour ex\'e9cuter votre explorateur Internet et acc\'e9der directement \'e0 ce lien.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panoramique veut dire d\'e9filement en permanence. Il est possible d'effectuer un panoramique horizontalement, verticalement ou en diagonal dans les deux sens !\par
\par
La fonction Panoramique n'est possible que dans les applications qui supportent Intellimouse de Microsoft, et que bon nombre de ces applications limitent la direction du panoramique (Exemples : Microsoft Word ne permet d'effectuer des panoramiques que verticalement ; Microsoft Excel permet d'effectuer des panoramiques verticalement et horizontalement, mais pas en diagonal).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Effectuer un zoom veut dire modifier l'agrandissement du document. Le zoom avant permet d'augmenter l'agrandissement et le zoom arri\'e8re de le r\'e9duire.\par
\par
La fonction zoom n'est possible que dans les applications qui supportent Intellimouse de Microsoft.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Cette action de zone tactile permet de d\'e9placer automatiquement le pointeur sur le bouton D\'e9marrer de la barre de t\'e2ches et ouvre le menu D\'e9marrer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Sauter au menu de la fen\'eatre actuelle\b0\par
Cette action permet de d\'e9placer automatiquement le pointeur \'e0 l'entr\'e9e la plus \'e0 gauche du menu de la fen\'eatre actuelle (en g\'e9n\'e9ral, le menu \'ab Fichier \'bb), et de l'ouvrir.\par
Cette fonction peut ne pas fonctionner dans certaines fen\'eatres aux menus non standard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Cette action permet de minimiser la fen\'eatre actuelle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Cette action permet d'agrandir la fen\'eatre actuelle pour qu'elle couvre tout l'\'e9cran. Si la fen\'eatre actuelle occupe d\'e9j\'e0 la taille maximum, cette action permet de la r\'e9tablir \'e0 sa taille et position d'origine.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Cette action permet de r\'e9tablir une fen\'eatre minimis\'e9e ou maximis\'e9e \'e0 sa taille et position d'origine.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Cette action permet d'ex\'e9cuter automatiquement un programme sp\'e9cifi\'e9. Apr\'e8s avoir s\'e9lectionn\'e9 cette action, vous pouvez choisir le programme \'e0 ex\'e9cuter en cliquant sur le bouton Propri\'e9t\'e9s \'e0 c\'f4t\'e9 de la liste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Cette action permet d'utiliser la surface enti\'e8re du TouchPad pour contr\'f4ler le d\'e9filement virtuel dans un document sans utiliser de barre de d\'e9filement. Pour reprendre l'utilisation normale du TouchPad, il suffit d'ex\'e9cuter une deuxi\'e8me fois le geste associ\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Si l'application active est un navigateur Internet, cette action permet de visiter la page pr\'e9c\'e9dente de l'historique du navigateur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Si l'application active est un navigateur Internet, cette action permet de visiter la page suivante de l'historique du navigateur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Cette action permet de d\'e9marrer le navigateur Internet par d\'e9faut et de visiter une page Web. Apr\'e8s avoir s\'e9lectionn\'e9 cette action, vous pouvez choisir la page Web \'e0 visiter en cliquant sur le bouton Propri\'e9t\'e9s \'e0 c\'f4t\'e9 de la liste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Si l'application active est un navigateur Internet, cette action permet de recharger la page Web actuelle depuis sa source.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Si l'application active est un navigateur Internet, cette action arr\'eate le chargement de la page Web actuelle par le navigateur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Placer deux doigts sur la surface du Touchpad et les d\'e9placer dans une direction particuli\'e8re s'appelle \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts. Le TouchPad peut d\'e9tecter de tels mouvements dans chacune des huit directions de la rose des vents. Cette page permet de personnaliser l'action effectu\'e9e par le TouchPad sur d\'e9tection d'un \b Geste\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer\b0  pour activer le traitement des \b Gestes\b0 . Puis choisissez une action dans la liste d\'e9roulante pour chaque direction de \b Geste\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez l'action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone sup\'e9rieure gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez l'action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone sup\'e9rieure du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone sup\'e9rieure gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone inf\'e9rieure droite du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone inf\'e9rieure du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone inf\'e9rieure gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action \'e0 effectuer pour un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts dans la zone gauche du TouchPad.\par
\par
Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c.\b0 , les gestes de ce type permettent d'effectuer la m\'eame action qu'appuyer sur la touche Pg Pr\'e9c. sur le clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Enregistrer et ex\'e9cuter une Macro au clavier\b0\par
\par
Cette action permet d'ex\'e9cuter une s\'e9quence de touches pr\'e9-enregistr\'e9e. Apr\'e8s avoir s\'e9lectionn\'e9 cette action, vous pouvez enregistrer la s\'e9quence de touches \'e0 ex\'e9cuter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Bo\'eete de dialogue d'enregistrement de macro de clavier\b0\par
Cette bo\'eete de dialogue permet d'enregistrer la s\'e9quence de touches \'e0 ex\'e9cuter ult\'e9rieurement. Une telle s\'e9quence de touches enregistr\'e9e est souvent appel\'e9e \i macro\i0  de clavier.\par
\par
Pour commencer \'e0 enregistrer une macro, appuyez sur le bouton \b D\'e9marrer\b0 . Le bouton \b Arr\'eater\b0  est alors activ\'e9 et le bouton \b D\'e9marrer\b0  est d\'e9sactiv\'e9, indiquant qu'un enregistrement est en cours. Comme toutes les touches sont intercept\'e9es pendant l'enregistrement, la seule mani\'e8re de quitter le mode d'enregistrement est d'appuyer avec la souris sur le bouton Arr\'eater.\par
\par
Lorsque l'enregistrement n'est pas en cours, le bouton \b Effacer\b0  permet de vider la m\'e9moire de touches enregistr\'e9es. Lors de l'enregistrement, ce bouton sert de touche retour-arri\'e8re. Appuyer sur le bouton \b Arri\'e8re\b0  permet de retirer la derni\'e8re entr\'e9e de la m\'e9moire de touches enregistr\'e9es. Notez que lors de l'enregistrement, le bouton \b Arri\'e8re\b0  doit \'eatre appuy\'e9 avec la souris.\par
\par
Pendant qu'elles sont enregistr\'e9es, les touches apparaissent \'e9galement dans la fen\'eatre de texte de la bo\'eete de dialogue d'enregistrement. Les touches alphab\'e9tiques, num\'e9riques et de ponctuation apparaissent dans la fen\'eatre de texte comme elles appara\'eetraient dans un document tap\'e9. Les touches non imprimables sont repr\'e9sent\'e9es dans la fen\'eatre de texte par des \'e9tiquettes mn\'e9moniques entre crochets.\par
\par
Pour faciliter la lecture de la fen\'eatre de texte, la plupart des touches ne sont plac\'e9es dans la fen\'eatre de texte que lorsqu'elles sont enfonc\'e9es. Mais les touches de mode (telles que \b Maj\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  et \b Alt\b0 ) sont entr\'e9es dans la fen\'eatre de texte lorsque vous appuyez dessus et lorsque vous les rel\'e2chez. Ceci permet d'identifier les changements de mode de clavier en \'ab lisant \'bb la fen\'eatre de texte.\par
\par
Il n'est pas possible de modifier directement dans la fen\'eatre de texte. Par exemple, il n'est pas possible d'ins\'e9rer une touche au milieu d'une s\'e9quence pr\'e9alablement enregistr\'e9e. Pour ce faire, il faut effacer la m\'e9moire enregistr\'e9e et enregistrer de nouveau la s\'e9quence de touches d\'e9sir\'e9e.\par
\par
Lorsqu'un enregistrement est termin\'e9, appuyez sur le bouton \b OK\b0  pour sauvegarder l'enregistrement et sur le bouton \b Annuler\b0  pour le supprimer. Appuyer sur un de ces boutons permet de quitter la bo\'eete de dialogue.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action pour ce bouton de TouchPad. Vous pouvez personnaliser le bouton pour produite une des actions de la liste d\'e9roulante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Permet de r\'e9gler la dur\'e9e qui peut s'\'e9couler entre les clics pour indiquer un double-clic sur le bouton principal de la souris. Si vous \'eates un utilisateur de souris inexp\'e9riment\'e9, il peut \'eatre plus facile de double-cliquer si vous d\'e9placez le curseur vers Lent. Vous pouvez essayer la vitesse de double-clic en double-cliquant sur l'image dans la zone d'essai.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Fournit un emplacement o\'f9 vous pouvez essayer la vitesse de double-clic de la souris. Si le pantin sort de la bo\'eete ou dispara\'eet, le double-clic a \'e9t\'e9 reconnu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Permet de r\'e9gler la vitesse de d\'e9placement du pointeur sur l'\'e9cran.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Sp\'e9cifie la dur\'e9e n\'e9cessaire pour que le pointeur acc\'e9l\'e8re \'e0 sa vitesse maximum. L'acc\'e9l\'e9ration permet au pointeur de la souris de se d\'e9placer plus loin lorsque vous d\'e9placez rapidement la souris. Une acc\'e9l\'e9ration nulle permet au pointeur de la souris de se d\'e9placer \'e0 la m\'eame vitesse que la souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
Ajoute une tra\'een\'e9e au pointeur de la souris, ce qui permet de le voir plus facilement sur les \'e9crans \'e0 cristaux liquides. Pour modifier la longueur de tra\'een\'e9e du pointeur, d\'e9placez le curseur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Cochez cette case pour activer les fonctions de d\'e9filement universel. Cliquez sur le bouton de r\'e9glages pour configurer les fonctions de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Cliquez sur ce bouton pour configurer les fonctions de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Cliquez sur ce bouton pour configurer les fonctions de geste \'e0 deux doigts.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Cliquez sur ce bouton pour configurer les fonctions de geste \'e0 trois doigts.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Cliquez sur ce bouton pour configurer les fonctions de zone tactile.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Cliquez sur ce bouton pour configurer les fonctions de d\'e9placement en bordure.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Lorsque la fonction \b D\'e9sactiver dispositif\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9, le dispositif de pointage actuel ne fournit plus les mouvements du pointeur, par exemple le d\'e9filement ou les autres fonctions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Placer deux doigts sur la surface du Touchpad et les d\'e9placer dans une direction particuli\'e8re s'appelle \b Geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts. Le TouchPad peut d\'e9tecter de tels mouvements dans chacune des huit directions de la rose des vents.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer gestes \'e0 deux doigts\b0  pour activer le traitement des \b gestes \b0\'e0 deux doigts. Puis cliquez sur le bouton de r\'e9glages de geste \'e0 deux doigts pour personnaliser l'action effectu\'e9e par le TouchPad lorsqu'un \b geste\b0  \'e0 deux doigts est d\'e9tect\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Placer trois doigts sur la surface du Touchpad et les d\'e9placer dans une direction particuli\'e8re s'appelle \b Geste\b0  \'e0 trois doigts. Le TouchPad peut d\'e9tecter de tels mouvements dans deux directions de la rose des vents.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer gestes \'e0 trois doigts\b0  pour activer le traitement des \b Gestes \b0\'e0 trois doigts. Puis cliquez sur le bouton de r\'e9glages de geste \'e0 trois doigts pour personnaliser l'action effectu\'e9e par le TouchPad lors de la d\'e9tection d'un \b Geste\b0  \'e0 trois doigts.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Placer deux ou trois doigts sur la surface du Touchpad et les d\'e9placer dans une direction particuli\'e8re s'appelle \b Geste\b0  de doigts. Le TouchPad peut d\'e9tecter de tels mouvements dans chacune des huit directions de la rose des vents.\par
\par
Vous pouvez activer n'importe quelle combinaison de Gestes \'e0 deux et trois doigts. S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer\b0  appropri\'e9e pour activer le traitement des Gestes. Puis cliquez sur le bouton de r\'e9glages pour personnaliser l'action effectu\'e9e par le TouchPad lors de la d\'e9tection d'un Geste \'e0 trois doigts.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Voici une petite carte du TouchPad sur laquelle les zones tactiles sont indiqu\'e9es par des hachures. Vous pouvez agrandir ou r\'e9duire la taille des zones tactiles en d\'e9pla\'e7ant les poign\'e9es de redimensionnement noires. Les fl\'e8ches de chaque c\'f4t\'e9 de la carte marquent la position de votre doigt sur le TouchPad. Si le doigt est dans une zone tactile active sur le TouchPad, la zone tactile correspondante sur la carte appara\'eet de couleur unie.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Appuyer-pour-S\'e9lectionner uniquement\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option si vous d\'e9sirez taper ou appuyer sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage pour faire une s\'e9lection sans d\'e9placement. Cela revient \'e0 faire un simple clic de souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Voici une liste de toutes les touches qui peuvent activer le mode de d\'e9placement lent. S\'e9lectionnez la touche de votre choix en cliquant sur l'\'e9l\'e9ment appropri\'e9 de la liste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b R\'e9glage de la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure\b0\par
Ce curseur contr\'f4le la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure lorsque l'option \b Vitesse fixe\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e.\par
Vous pouvez choisir la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure en r\'e9glant le curseur entre \b Lente\b0  et \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action dans la liste pour l'affecter \'e0 ce bouton. De nombreuses actions ne n\'e9cessitent pas de configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Mais si une information suppl\'e9mentaire est n\'e9cessaire, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient actif ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration appara\'eet. Cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier la configuration de l'action.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action dans la liste pour l'affecter \'e0 cette zone tactile. De nombreuses actions ne n\'e9cessitent pas de configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Mais si une information suppl\'e9mentaire est n\'e9cessaire, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient actif ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration appara\'eet. Cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier la configuration de l'action.\par
\par
Diverses actions peuvent \'eatre affect\'e9es aux zones tactiles. Des actions suppl\'e9mentaires peuvent \'eatre disponibles si des modules d'extension de TouchPad tiers sont install\'e9s.\par
\par
\ul\b Actions de zone tactile\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Sauter sur le bouton D\'e9marrer\b0\par
Cette action d\'e9place automatiquement le pointeur au bouton \b D\'e9marrer\b0  de la barre de t\'e2ches Windows et ouvre automatiquement le \b menu D\'e9marrer\b0 .\par
\par
\b Minimiser l'application actuelle\b0\par
Cette action minimise la fen\'eatre de l'application actuelle. Si la fen\'eatre de l'application actuelle est d\'e9j\'e0 minimis\'e9e, cette action r\'e9tablit la fen\'eatre \'e0 sa taille et \'e0 sa position normales.\par
\par
\b Maximiser l'application actuelle\b0\par
Cette action agrandit la fen\'eatre de l'application actuelle pour qu'elle couvre tout l'\'e9cran. Si la fen\'eatre de l'application actuelle est d\'e9j\'e0 maximis\'e9e, cette action r\'e9tablira la fen\'eatre \'e0 sa taille et \'e0 sa position normales.\par
\par
\b Ex\'e9cuter un programme de votre choix\b0\par
Cette action vous permet de sp\'e9cifier le nom d'un programme \'e0 ex\'e9cuter automatiquement lorsque vous cliquez sur le bouton ou que vous tapez sur la zone tactile.\par
\par
Si les options de la liste sont grises et ne peuvent \'eatre s\'e9lectionn\'e9es, assurez-vous que \b Fonctions tactiles\b0  et \b Zones tactiles\b0  sont activ\'e9es.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Avis de brevet\par
S\'e9lection de d\'e9filement\par
R\'e9glages du syst\'e8me\par
R\'e9glages du dispositif\par
actif\par
Bords collants\par
Activer les bords collants\par
Effectuer le d\'e9placement en bordure uniquement lors du &d\'e9placement d'objet\par
Effectuer le d\'e9placement en bordure lors du d\'e9placement et du &pointage\par
Pas de d\'e9placement en bordure\par
D\'e9filement virtuel\par
Vitesse fixe\par
Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner uniquement\par
Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner et d\'e9placer\par
Action Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner\par
Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner signifie cliquer \'e0 gauche\par
S\'e9lectionner un \'e9l\'e9ment\par
Boutons\par
Activer les boutons\par
Taper et d\'e9placer\par
D\'e9filement sur grande distance\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
La fonction \b Taper et d\'e9placer\b0  reproduit la fonction des boutons de la \'ab souris \'bb.\par
\par
\b Taper de nouveau et maintenir le doigt appuy\'e9 pour d\'e9placer\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette case \'e0 cocher pour d\'e9placer des objets sans appuyer sur le bouton de la souris ou du TouchPad. Pour d\'e9placer, tapez deux fois sur l'objet et maintenez le doigt sur le TouchPad au deuxi\'e8me contact. D\'e9placez l'objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 en glissant le doigt sur la surface du TouchPad et soulevez le doigt pour rel\'e2cher l'objet.\par
\par
\b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0\par
La fonction \b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0  permet de d\'e9placer des objets sur de grandes distances sur l'\'e9cran avec plusieurs mouvements du doigt. Lorsque la fonction \b Verrouiller d\'e9placer\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, une action de d\'e9placement persiste apr\'e8s le rel\'e8vement du doigt du TouchPad. Tapez de nouveau sur le TouchPad pour rel\'e2cher l'objet et terminer le d\'e9placement. Pour utiliser \b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0 , la fonction \b taper de nouveau et maintenir le doigt pour d\'e9placer\b0  doit aussi \'eatre s\'e9lectionn\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
La fonction \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  permet de faire d\'e9filer avec un seul mouvement du doigt. La fonction D\'e9filement virtuel op\'e8re automatiquement la barre de d\'e9filement pour qu'il n'y ait pas besoin d'\'e9loigner le pointeur du travail. Elle fonctionne avec la plupart des fen\'eatres \'e0 d\'e9filement telles que les documents de traitement de texte, les tableurs et les grandes images num\'e9riques. Elle fonctionne aussi avec les autres \'e9l\'e9ments \'e0 d\'e9filement comme les listes de fichiers et les listes de polices. La fonction D\'e9filement virtuel assure le d\'e9filement le plus simple et le plus r\'e9gulier pour toutes les applications.\par
Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer et glissez le doigt de haut en bas le long du bord droit du TouchPad pour obtenir un d\'e9filement vertical.\par
Pour activer cette fonction, cochez la case \b Activer d\'e9filement vertical\b0  ou \b Activer d\'e9filement horizontal\b0 .\par
Si D\'e9filement virtuel ne r\'e9pond pas, assurez-vous que la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer d\'e9filement\b0  d\'e9sir\'e9e est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e et que vous pouvez faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9. Si vous avez encore des probl\'e8mes, contr\'f4lez les r\'e9glages de \b Zone de d\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Les r\'e9glages de \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0  permettent de personnaliser la r\'e9ponse du TouchPad \'e0 la pression.\par
\par
Pour r\'e9gler les r\'e9glages de Sensibilit\'e9, s\'e9lectionnez un \'e9l\'e9ment de l'arborescence des menus \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Le diagramme ci-dessus repr\'e9sente la surface du TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme repr\'e9sente les zones de d\'e9placement en bordure sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent le long du bord du diagramme du TouchPad pour montrer la position du doigt. Si le doigt se trouve dans une zone de d\'e9placement en bordure sur le TouchPad, la zone D\'e9placement en bordure correspondante sur le diagramme appara\'eet de couleur unie. Il est possible d'agrandir et de r\'e9duire les zones de d\'e9placement en bordure en d\'e9pla\'e7ant un des petits carr\'e9s noirs aux bords des zones hachur\'e9es.\par
\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher le d\'e9placement en bordure, essayez d'\'e9largir la r\'e9gion de d\'e9placement en bordure en d\'e9pla\'e7ant vers l'int\'e9rieur les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e. Si vous trouvez que le d\'e9placement en bordure se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone de d\'e9placement en bordure.\par
\par
Si les zones de d\'e9placement en bordure sont grises et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, assurez-vous que le d\'e9placement en bordure est activ\'e9. Pour l'activer, suivez la proc\'e9dure suivante :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9placement en bordure\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez une des options \b Effectuer D\'e9placement en bordure\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b Zone de D\'e9placement en bordure\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Avis de brevet\b0\par
Ce logiciel, les p\'e9riph\'e9riques associ\'e9s et/ou l'utilisation des p\'e9riph\'e9riques associ\'e9s sont prot\'e9g\'e9s par un ou plusieurs des brevets suivants :\par
\par
\b Brevets europ\'e9ens n\'b0\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Brevets pour la Cor\'e9e du Sud n\'b0\b0\par
264640 ; 274772; 277147 ;\par
\par
\b Brevet pour Singapour n\'b0\b0\par
54596 ;\par
\par
\b Brevets d'invention pour Taiwan n\'b0\b0\par
097091 ;\par
\par
\b Brevets pour la Chine n\'b0\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b N\'b0 de brevet \'e0 Hong Kong\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Brevets pour le Japon n\'b0\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Brevets pour les Etats-Unis n\'b0\b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
Ils sont \'e9galement prot\'e9g\'e9s par d'autres brevets et par les brevets en cours.\par
\par
\b Marques commerciales\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, le logo ChiralMotion, le logo Scrybe et le logo Synaptics sont des marques commerciales de Synaptics Incorporated, enregistr\'e9es aux Etats-Unis et/ou dans d'autres pays. Tous les autres produits, services ou noms d'entreprise mentionn\'e9s ici sont d\'e9pos\'e9s en tant que marques commerciales et noms d'usage par leurs d\'e9tenteurs respectifs.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Tous droits r\'e9serv\'e9s.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
La fonction \b Bords collants\b0  contraint le pointeur \'e0 rester dans la fen\'eatre active. Lorsque vous essayez de d\'e9placer le pointeur en dehors de la fen\'eatre, il s'arr\'eate au bord. Si vous essayez une deuxi\'e8me fois, le pointeur est libre de quitter la fen\'eatre.\par
\par
L'arr\'eat du pointeur aux bords de la fen\'eatre facilite l'acc\'e8s aux commandes qui sont autour des bords d'une fen\'eatre. Par exemple, pour fermer ou redimensionner une fen\'eatre, vous pouvez d\'e9placer rapidement le pointeur dans la direction g\'e9n\'e9rale de la case de fermeture ou du bord de la fen\'eatre, et le pointeur s'arr\'eate exactement o\'f9 vous le souhaitez.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer les bords collants\b0  pour activer cette fonction.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
Les boutons de cette page permettent de contr\'f4ler le fonctionnement de la fonction Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Vitesse de d\'e9filement\b0\par
Utilisez ce curseur pour contr\'f4ler la vitesse de d\'e9filement de la fen\'eatre en r\'e9ponse au d\'e9placement du doigt dans la r\'e9gion D\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Ce curseur d\'e9termine la vitesse \'e0 laquelle il faut appuyer sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage pour effectuer une action correspondant \'e0 un clic de la \'ab souris \'bb.\par
\par
En cas de clics ind\'e9sir\'e9s, augmentez la vitesse. De m\'eame, s'il est difficile d'utiliser le b\'e2tonnet de pointage pour cliquer, r\'e9duisez la vitesse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
Le curseur de vitesse peut \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9 de \'ab Pression lente \'bb (\'e0 gauche) \'e0 \'ab Pression rapide \'bb (\'e0 droite).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Ceci permet de contr\'f4ler si le fait d'appuyer sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage agit comme un clic \'e0 droite (action de menu de contexte) au lieu d'un clic \'e0 gauche (action normale de s\'e9lection).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner\b0  permet de contr\'f4ler la fonction Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner du b\'e2tonnet de pointage.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Les r\'e9glages de \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0  permettent de personnaliser la r\'e9ponse du b\'e2tonnet de pointage \'e0 la pression.\par
\par
Pour r\'e9gler les r\'e9glages de sensibilit\'e9, s\'e9lectionnez un \'e9l\'e9ment du menu \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Le curseur \b Sensibilit\'e9 \'e0 la pression\b0  permet de r\'e9gler la pression du doigt n\'e9cessaire pour d\'e9placer le pointeur \'e0 une vitesse particuli\'e8re. En cas de mouvements al\'e9atoires du pointeur, essayez de d\'e9placer le curseur vers la droite vers \b Pression forte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Ceci permet de contr\'f4ler si le fait d'appuyer sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage peut permettre de d\'e9placer des objets sur l'\'e9cran.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Ce bouton permet d'afficher le tutoriel sur le d\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Cette section permet de contr\'f4ler le comportement du TouchPad lorsqu'un p\'e9riph\'e9rique PS2 externe est branch\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Permet au TouchPad et au p\'e9riph\'e9rique PS2 externe de fonctionner simultan\'e9ment.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
D\'e9sactive le TouchPad lorsqu'un p\'e9riph\'e9rique PS2 externe est branch\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
D\'e9finit la distance de d\'e9filement d'une page lorsque la molette est tourn\'e9e d'un cran. Vous pouvez faire d\'e9filer un nombre sp\'e9cifique de lignes ou un \'e9cran entier.\par
\par
Le nombre de lignes correspondant au terme \'ab un \'e9cran \'bb varie selon la taille de votre fen\'eatre et le programme utilis\'e9. Il est \'e9quivalent \'e0 l'utilisation des touches Pg Pr\'e9c. ou Pg. Suiv. sur le clavier, ou au clic sur la barre de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Cliquez pour r\'e9gler le nombre de lignes qui d\'e9filent \'e0 chaque cran de la molette. Il peut \'eatre n\'e9cessaire d'avoir \'e0 refermer et rouvrir les applications pour que ces r\'e9glages prennent effet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Cliquez ici pour faire d\'e9filer un \'e9cran pour chaque cran de la molette. Il peut \'eatre n\'e9cessaire d'avoir \'e0 refermer et rouvrir les applications pour que ces r\'e9glages prennent effet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Ces options permettent de sp\'e9cifier la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer lors de l'utilisation de D\'e9filement virtuel. S\'e9lectionnez les options D\'e9filement virtuel \'e0 activer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Action Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner\b0\par
Vous pouvez configurer le b\'e2tonnet de pointage pour effectuer un clic du bouton gauche ou droit de la \'ab souris \'bb.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Gestes \'e0 trois doigts\b0\par
Un geste \'e0 trois doigts consiste \'e0 faire glisser, de mani\'e8re rectiligne et continue, trois doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, de haut en bas, puis \'e0 les retirer simultan\'e9ment.\par
\par
Utilisez un geste \'e0 trois doigts pour ex\'e9cuter une action du type \'ab Acc\'e9der \'e0 une page Web dans le navigateur par d\'e9faut \'bb. Chaque fois que vous effectuez ce geste \'e0 trois doigts, le navigateur Web est activ\'e9 et charge automatiquement la page indiqu\'e9e.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonction, cochez la case \b Activer les gestes \'e0 trois doigts\b0 . Vous pouvez effectuer un d\'e9placement dans deux directions avec un geste \'e0 trois doigts : du haut vers le bas et du bas vers le haut.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Vous pouvez configurer une action pour les gestes \'e0 trois doigts suivants affich\'e9s dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche :\par
\par
\b Haut\b0  : D\'e9placement de trois doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du bas pour remonter \'e0 la verticale jusqu'en haut.\par
\par
\b Bas\b0  : D\'e9placement de trois doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du haut pour descendre \'e0 la verticale jusqu'en bas.\par
\par
Pour configurer l'action d'un geste \'e0 trois doigts :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Veillez \'e0 ce que la case \b Activer les gestes \'e0 trois doigts\b0  soit coch\'e9e.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez une option dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche. S\'e9lectionnez l'option correspondant au point de fin du mouvement. Par exemple, pour configurer un geste \'e0 trois doigts commen\'e7ant en bas et se terminant en haut, s\'e9lectionnez \b Haut\b0 .\par
3.\tab Dans la liste situ\'e9e au-dessus, choisissez l'action \'e0 attribuer au geste s\'e9lectionn\'e9. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e est ex\'e9cut\'e9e \'e0 chaque fois que vous effectuez ce geste \'e0 trois doigts.\par
4.\tab La plupart des actions ne requi\'e8rent pas de configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Toutefois, si d'autres informations sont n\'e9cessaires, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  est activ\'e9 ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration appara\'eet. Cliquez \'e0 tout moment sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  pour afficher ou modifier la configuration de l'action.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Si vous ne pouvez pas s\'e9lectionner d'action dans la liste, v\'e9rifiez que les options sont activ\'e9es. Pour activer les options, proc\'e9dez comme suit :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche, s\'e9lectionnez \b Gestes \'e0 trois doigts\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer les gestes \'e0 trois doigts\b0 .\par
3.\tab Dans l'arborescence des menus, s\'e9lectionnez le point de fin du mouvement pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Gestes \'e0 deux doigts\b0\par
Un geste \'e0 deux doigts consiste \'e0 faire glisser, de mani\'e8re rectiligne et continue, deux doigts d'un bord (ou d'un coin) de la surface du TouchPad au bord (ou au coin) oppos\'e9, puis \'e0 les retirer simultan\'e9ment.\par
\par
Utilisez un geste \'e0 deux doigts pour ex\'e9cuter une action du type \'ab Acc\'e9der \'e0 une page Web dans le navigateur par d\'e9faut \'bb. Chaque fois que vous effectuez ce geste \'e0 deux doigts, le navigateur Web est activ\'e9 et charge automatiquement la page indiqu\'e9e.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonction, cochez la case \b Activer les gestes \'e0 deux doigts\b0 . Vous pouvez effectuer un d\'e9placement dans huit directions avec un geste \'e0 deux doigts :\par
\par
Certaines directions de geste peuvent ne pas \'eatre disponibles sur certains ordinateurs.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Vous pouvez configurer une action pour les gestes \'e0 deux doigts suivants affich\'e9s dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche :\par
\par
\b Haut\b0  : D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du bas pour remonter \'e0 la verticale jusqu'en haut.\par
\par
\b Coin sup\'e9rieur droit :\b0  D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du coin inf\'e9rieur gauche pour atteindre le coin sup\'e9rieur droit, en diagonale.\par
\par
\b Droite :\b0  D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du bord gauche pour atteindre le bord droit, \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\b Coin inf\'e9rieur droit :\b0  D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du coin sup\'e9rieur gauche pour atteindre le coin inf\'e9rieur droit, en diagonale.\par
\par
\b Bas\b0  : D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du haut pour redescendre \'e0 la verticale jusqu'en bas.\par
\par
\b Coin inf\'e9rieur gauche :\b0  D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du coin sup\'e9rieur droit pour atteindre le coin inf\'e9rieur gauche, en diagonale.\par
\par
\b Gauche :\b0  D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du bord droit pour atteindre le bord gauche, \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\b Coin sup\'e9rieur gauche :\b0  D\'e9placement de deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, en partant du coin inf\'e9rieur droit pour atteindre le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche, en diagonale.\par
\par
Pour configurer l'action d'un geste \'e0 deux doigts :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Veillez \'e0 ce que la case \b Activer les gestes \'e0 deux doigts\b0  soit coch\'e9e.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez une option dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche. S\'e9lectionnez l'option correspondant au point de fin du mouvement. Par exemple, pour configurer un geste \'e0 deux doigts commen\'e7ant en bas et se terminant en haut, s\'e9lectionnez \b Haut\b0 .\par
3.\tab Dans la liste situ\'e9e au-dessus, choisissez l'action \'e0 attribuer au geste s\'e9lectionn\'e9. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e est ex\'e9cut\'e9e \'e0 chaque fois que vous effectuez un geste \'e0 deux doigts.\par
4.\tab La plupart des actions ne requi\'e8rent pas de configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Toutefois, si d'autres informations sont n\'e9cessaires, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  est activ\'e9 ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration appara\'eet. Cliquez \'e0 tout moment sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  pour afficher ou modifier la configuration de l'action.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Si vous ne pouvez pas s\'e9lectionner d'action dans la liste, v\'e9rifiez que les options sont activ\'e9es. Pour activer les options, proc\'e9dez comme suit :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Dans l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche, s\'e9lectionnez \b Gestes \'e0 deux doigts\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer les gestes \'e0 deux doigts\b0 .\par
3.\tab Dans l'arborescence des menus, s\'e9lectionnez le point de fin du mouvement pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
La fen\'eatre \b Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0  permet de personnaliser les r\'e9glages du dispositif de pointage. Utilisez l'arborescence des menus \'e0 gauche pour acc\'e9der aux fonctions personnalisables.\par
\par
\b Utilisation de la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0\par
Cliquez sur une fonction dans l'arborescence des menus pour afficher une page de r\'e9glages pour cette fonction. Certaines fonctions pr\'e9sentent plusieurs pages de r\'e9glages. Cliquez sur le signe plus (+) en regard d'une fonction pour voir toutes les pages associ\'e9es. Les r\'e9glages apparaissent dans la fen\'eatre \'e0 droite de l'arborescence des menus. Les informations sur ces options et les instructions sur leur modification apparaissent dans cette bo\'eete d'information. Vous pouvez utiliser la barre de d\'e9filement pour les afficher.\par
\par
\b Bouton Restaurer toutes les valeurs par d\'e9faut\b0\par
Le bouton \b Restaurer toutes les valeurs par d\'e9faut\b0  r\'e9tablit la valeur param\'e9tr\'e9e en usine pour les param\'e8tres de toutes les pages.\par
\par
\b Bouton Restaurer les valeurs par d\'e9faut de la page\b0\par
Le bouton \b Restaurer les valeurs par d\'e9faut de la page\b0  r\'e9tablit la valeur param\'e9tr\'e9e en usine pour tous les param\'e8tres de la page en cours.\par
\par
\b Bouton OK\b0\par
Le bouton \b OK\b0  permet d'enregistrer les modifications et de fermer la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s.\par
\par
\b Bouton Annuler\b0\par
Le bouton \b Annuler\b0  permet de fermer la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s sans enregistrer les changements et de r\'e9tablir toutes les fonctions \'e0 leurs r\'e9glages pr\'e9c\'e9dents.\par
\par
\b Bouton Appliquer\b0\par
Le bouton \b Appliquer\b0  permet d'enregistrer les changements, tout en gardant la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s ouverte pour effectuer des changements suppl\'e9mentaires.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
La fonction \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  permet de faire d\'e9filer des pages Web, des documents et d'autres \'e9l\'e9ments \'e0 l'aide du TouchPad. Placez votre doigt sur la zone de d\'e9filement (le bord externe du TouchPad) et effectuez des mouvements circulaires. Le relief stri\'e9 de la surface du TouchPad guide votre mouvement. Une fois le d\'e9filement amorc\'e9, vous pouvez sortir de la zone externe. Vous devez cependant \'eatre dans cette zone pour amorcer le d\'e9filement ; par la suite, vous pouvez revenir au centre du TouchPad si vous le souhaitez et poursuivre le d\'e9filement en continuant \'e0 effectuer de petits mouvements circulaires. Pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement, il suffit de retirer votre doigt.\par
\par
La fonction de d\'e9filement virtuel inclut les options suivantes : d\'e9filement vertical (haut/bas), d\'e9filements vertical et horizontal (haut/bas, droite/gauche), effets sonores lors du d\'e9filement (effets sonores) ou pas de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option pour activer le d\'e9filement vers le haut ou vers le bas.\par
\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le bas, placez votre doigt \'e0 n'importe quel endroit de la zone de d\'e9filement, puis effectuez des mouvements circulaires dans le sens des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le haut, placez votre doigt \'e0 n'importe quel endroit de la zone de d\'e9filement, puis effectuez des mouvements circulaires dans le sens inverse des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical et horizontal\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option pour activer le d\'e9filement vers le haut ou le bas, vers la droite ou la gauche. Le c\'f4t\'e9 droit de la zone de d\'e9filement permet de contr\'f4ler le d\'e9filement vertical. La partie inf\'e9rieure de la zone permet de contr\'f4ler le d\'e9filement horizontal.\par
\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le bas, placez votre doigt sur la partie droite de la zone de d\'e9filement et effectuez des mouvements circulaires dans le sens des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le haut, placez votre doigt sur la partie droite de la zone de d\'e9filement et effectuez des mouvements circulaires dans le sens inverse des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer vers la droite, placez votre doigt sur la partie inf\'e9rieure de la zone de d\'e9filement et effectuez des mouvements circulaires dans le sens inverse des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer vers la gauche, placez votre doigt sur la partie inf\'e9rieure de la zone de d\'e9filement et effectuez des mouvements circulaires dans le sens des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Activer les effets sonores lors du d\'e9filement\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez cette option pour que le d\'e9filement soit accompagn\'e9 d'effets sonores.\par
\par
REMARQUE : Vous devez \'e9galement s\'e9lectionner \b D\'e9filement vertical\b0  ou \b D\'e9filement vertical et horizontal\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b D\'e9sactiver le d\'e9filement\b0\par
Si vous ne souhaitez utiliser aucune des fonctions de d\'e9filement virtuel, s\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9sactiver d\'e9filement\b0 . Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, la zone de d\'e9filement peut encore \'eatre utilis\'e9e pour les fonctions tactiles et les fonctions de pointage (plut\'f4t que pour la fonction de d\'e9filement).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Options d'\'e9clairage\b0\par
\par
Le dispositif de pointage LuxPad propose plusieurs options d'\'e9clairage. Cochez la case \b Activer \'e9clairage\b0  pour personnaliser les effets d'\'e9clairage du LuxPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Luminosit\'e9\b0\par
\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner diff\'e9rentes intensit\'e9s lumineuses en fonction de la source d'alimentation utilis\'e9e par votre ordinateur portable : secteur ou batterie. Ces diff\'e9rents param\'e8tres sont utiles pour prolonger la dur\'e9e de vie de votre batterie.\par
\par
Les options de luminosit\'e9 pour \b Alimentation externe\b0  et \b Batterie\b0  sont \b Faible\b0 , \b Moyenne\b0  et \b Elev\'e9e\b0 .\par
\par
Si les options de cette page apparaissent att\'e9nu\'e9es et non disponibles, vous pouvez les activer en cliquant sur \b Options d'\'e9clairage\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus situ\'e9e \'e0 gauche. Cochez la case \b Activer l'\'e9clairage\b0  pour s\'e9lectionner cette option, puis revenez \'e0 la page \b Luminosit\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Dur\'e9e d'\'e9clairage\b0\par
\par
La page \b Dur\'e9e d'\'e9clairage\b0  propose plusieurs effets d'\'e9clairage.\par
\par
Cochez la case \b Toujours activ\'e9\b0  pour que votre Luxpad s'\'e9claire d\'e8s que vous vous connectez.\par
\par
Les options \b Dur\'e9e d'\'e9clairage apr\'e8s connexion\b0  et \b Eclairer au toucher\b0  sont disponibles uniquement lorsque la case \b Toujours activ\'e9\b0  est d\'e9coch\'e9e. Si une coche appara\'eet dans la case de l'option \b Toujours activ\'e9\b0 , cliquez dessus pour d\'e9cocher l'option.\par
\par
La barre coulissante\b  Dur\'e9e d'\'e9clairage apr\'e8s connexion\b0  permet de sp\'e9cifier la dur\'e9e pendant laquelle vous souhaitez que votre Luxpad reste \'e9clair\'e9 apr\'e8s la connexion. D\'e9placez le curseur vers la gauche pour r\'e9duire la dur\'e9e d'\'e9clairage ou vers la droite pour l'allonger.\par
\par
Cochez la case\b  Eclairer au toucher\b0  si vous souhaitez que votre LuxPad s'\'e9claire uniquement lorsque votre doigt entre en contact avec sa surface. Le LuxPad s'\'e9claire alors \'e0 chaque fois que vous le touchez.\par
\par
Si les options de cette page apparaissent att\'e9nu\'e9es et non disponibles, vous pouvez les activer en cliquant sur \b Options d'\'e9clairage\b0  dans l'arborescence des menus situ\'e9e \'e0 gauche. Cochez la case \b Activer l'\'e9clairage\b0  pour s\'e9lectionner cette option, puis revenez \'e0 la page\b  Dur\'e9e d'\'e9clairage\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Pour utiliser le b\'e2tonnet de pointage ou le TouchPad pour bouger le curseur, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer\b0  correspondante.\par
Vous pouvez activer \'e0 la fois le b\'e2tonnet de pointage et le TouchPad. Dans ce cas, touchez l'un ou l'autre pour faire bouger le curseur.\par
Pour utiliser les boutons du b\'e2tonnet de pointage, ceux du TouchPad ou ceux des deux, s\'e9lectionnez les options \b Activer\b0  correspondantes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez l'option \b D\'e9sactiver\b0  du dispositif ou des boutons du dispositif que vous ne souhaitez pas utiliser afin d'\'e9viter de les activer accidentellement lors de la saisie au clavier ou lors du pointage.\par
\par
REMARQUE : Vous ne pouvez pas d\'e9sactiver \'e0 la fois le b\'e2tonnet de pointage et le TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Pour modifier l'action affect\'e9e au \b bouton gauche\b0 , \'e0 \b deux boutons\b0 , au \b bouton droit\b0 , cliquez sur la fl\'e8che de d\'e9filement vers le bas de la liste d\'e9roulante pour afficher les options. S\'e9lectionnez l'action souhait\'e9e.\par
\par
Si des informations suppl\'e9mentaires vous sont demand\'e9es pour l'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  est alors activ\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Si des informations suppl\'e9mentaires vous sont demand\'e9es pour l'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e dans la liste d\'e9roulante, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  est alors activ\'e9. Cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  et saisissez les informations demand\'e9es dans la bo\'eete de dialogue qui s'affiche. Cliquez sur le bouton \b OK\b0  pour enregistrer vos param\'e8tres et fermer la bo\'eete de dialogue.\par
\par
Vous pouvez les afficher ou les modifier en cliquant \'e0 tout moment sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Pour restaurer tous les param\'e8tres par d\'e9faut des \'e9l\'e9ments de cette fen\'eatre, cliquez sur ce bouton.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Pour effectuer un clic gauche par simple pression du doigt, cochez la case \b Taper pour cliquer\b0 . L'action de Taper est un mouvement rapide vers le bas puis vers le haut.\par
Lorsque la case Taper pour cliquer n'est pas coch\'e9e, il est n\'e9cessaire d'appuyer sur un bouton du TouchPad pour effectuer un clic gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Pour d\'e9placer des objets sans appuyer sur un bouton du TouchPad, cochez la case \b Taper et d\'e9placer\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser cette fonction, s\'e9lectionnez un objet en tapant dessus, reposez rapidement votre doigt sur le TouchPad, puis d\'e9placez l'objet en faisant glisser votre doigt dans la direction souhait\'e9e. Levez votre doigt pour rel\'e2cher l'objet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Pour d\'e9placer des objets sur l'\'e9cran en effectuant plusieurs mouvements du doigt, cochez la case \b Verrouiller d\'e9placement\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser la fonction de verrouillage des d\'e9placements, s\'e9lectionnez un objet en tapant dessus. Sur le TouchPad, effectuez autant de mouvements de doigts que n\'e9cessaire pour d\'e9placer l'objet vers l'emplacement souhait\'e9. Il n'est pas n\'e9cessaire de maintenir votre doigt sur le Touchpad. L'objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 n'est rel\'e2ch\'e9 que lorsque vous tapez sur le TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Vous pouvez utiliser le curseur pour r\'e9gler la pression du doigt n\'e9cessaire \'e0 la r\'e9ponse du TouchPad. Si les mouvements du pointeur sont al\'e9atoires, d\'e9placez le curseur vers la droite.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Pour \'e9viter les clics ou mouvements du pointeur non d\'e9sir\'e9s lors de la saisie, cochez la case \b Activer la fonction de contr\'f4le de la paume\b0 .\par
\par
La fonction de contr\'f4le de la paume permet au TouchPad de reconna\'eetre lorsque la paume s'appuie sur sa surface ou l'effleure lors de la saisie au clavier.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Pour r\'e9gler la sensibilit\'e9 de la fonction de contr\'f4le de la paume, utilisez ce curseur.\par
\par
Si le TouchPad pr\'e9sente des clics ou d\'e9placements du pointeur non d\'e9sir\'e9s, augmentez le r\'e9glage de contr\'f4le de la paume en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la droite. Toutefois, si vous placez le curseur totalement \'e0 droite, pr\'e8s du \b Maximum\b0 , il est fort possible que des d\'e9placements ou des pressions ne soient pas pris en compte.\par
\par
Si le TouchPad ne d\'e9tecte pas les d\'e9placements ou les pressions d\'e9sir\'e9s, r\'e9duisez le r\'e9glage de contr\'f4le de la paume en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
Le d\'e9placement en bordure permet au pointeur de continuer \'e0 se d\'e9placer lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad.\par
\par
Si vous n'utilisez pas le d\'e9placement en bordure, il vous faut effectuer des mouvements r\'e9p\'e9t\'e9s du doigt sur le TouchPad ou augmenter la vitesse de d\'e9placement du pointeur dans l'onglet \b Options du pointeur\b0  pour d\'e9placer le pointeur facilement sur de grandes distances.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Pour utiliser \i le d\'e9placement en bordure\i0  lors des d\'e9placements (\'ab Taper et d\'e9placer \'bb et \'ab Verrouiller d\'e9placement \'bb), cochez la case \b Lors d'un d\'e9placement\b0 .\par
\par
Le d\'e9placement en bordure permet au pointeur de continuer \'e0 se d\'e9placer lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad.\par
\par
Lorsque cette option est coch\'e9e, le d\'e9placement en bordure ne se produit pas lors des mouvements ordinaires du pointeur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Pour utiliser \i le d\'e9placement en bordure\i0  lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad, cochez la case \b Lors du pointage\b0 .\par
\par
Le d\'e9placement en bordure permet au pointeur de continuer \'e0 se d\'e9placer lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Pour utiliser \i le d\'e9placement en bordure\i0  avec la fonction \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0 , cochez la case \b Lors d'un d\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
Le d\'e9placement en bordure permet au pointeur de continuer \'e0 se d\'e9placer lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord du TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Le diagramme suivant repr\'e9sente la surface du TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme repr\'e9sente les zones de d\'e9placement en bordure sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent le long du bord du diagramme du TouchPad pour montrer la position du doigt. Si le doigt se trouve dans une zone de d\'e9placement en bordure sur le TouchPad, la zone D\'e9placement en bordure correspondante sur le diagramme appara\'eet de couleur unie. Il est possible d'agrandir et de r\'e9duire les zones de d\'e9placement en bordure en d\'e9pla\'e7ant l'un des petits carr\'e9s noirs aux bords des zones hachur\'e9es.\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher le d\'e9placement en bordure, essayez d'\'e9largir la r\'e9gion de d\'e9placement en bordure en d\'e9pla\'e7ant vers l'int\'e9rieur les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e. Si vous trouvez que le d\'e9placement en bordure se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone de d\'e9placement en bordure.\par
\par
Si les zones de d\'e9placement en bordure sont grises et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, s\'e9lectionnez l'une des options de d\'e9placement en bordure pour redimensionner les zones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Pour que la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure soit sensible \'e0 la pression exerc\'e9e, cochez cette case. Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, la vitesse de d\'e9placement du pointeur augmente avec la pression exerc\'e9e par votre doigt.\par
\par
Pour maintenir une vitesse constante, d\'e9cochez l'option \b Contr\'f4ler la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure par pression du doigt\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Pour r\'e9gler la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure lorsque vous avez d\'e9cochez l'option \b Contr\'f4ler la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure par pression du doigt\b0 , utilisez ce curseur. D\'e9placez le curseur vers la droite pour augmenter la vitesse de d\'e9placement en bordure ou vers la gauche pour la diminuer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Pour configurer l'action affect\'e9e \'e0 une zone tactile, cochez la case \b Activer les zones tactiles\b0 . Chaque coin de la surface du TouchPad peut \'eatre configur\'e9 comme zone tactile.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Pour affecter une action \'e0 une zone tactile, s\'e9lectionnez une option de la liste d\'e9roulante. Si des informations suppl\'e9mentaires vous sont demand\'e9es pour l'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  est alors activ\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Le diagramme suivant repr\'e9sente la surface du TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme repr\'e9sente les zones tactiles actives sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent le long du bord du diagramme du TouchPad pour montrer la position du doigt. Si le doigt est dans une zone tactile active sur le TouchPad, la zone tactile correspondante sur le diagramme appara\'eet de couleur unie. Il est possible d'agrandir ou de r\'e9duire les zones tactiles en d\'e9pla\'e7ant l'un des petits carr\'e9s noirs aux coins des zones hachur\'e9es.\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher une action de zone tactile, essayez d'agrandir la zone tactile. Si une action de zone tactile se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone tactile.\par
\par
Si les zones tactiles apparaissent gris\'e9es et ne peuvent \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, cochez la case \b Activer les zones tactiles\b0  pour pouvoir les redimensionner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Pour remplacer par un glissement la fonction des boutons de d\'e9filement \b Avant\b0  ou \b Arri\'e8re\b0  de la fen\'eatre d'un navigateur Internet, cochez la case \b Activer les gestes arri\'e8re/avant\b0 .\par
\par
Pour effectuer ces gestes avant ou arri\'e8re, placez votre doigt sur le bord sup\'e9rieur du TouchPad et d\'e9placez-le vers la droite ou vers la gauche. D\'e9placer votre doigt vers la gauche correspond \'e0 un clic sur le bouton de d\'e9filement vers l'arri\'e8re. D\'e9placer votre doigt vers la droite correspond \'e0 un clic sur le bouton de d\'e9filement vers l'avant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Pour utiliser les fonctions de d\'e9filement virtuel, cochez la case \b Activer d\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
Lorsque cette option est activ\'e9e, glisser le doigt dans les deux sens le long du bord droit du TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer verticalement la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9. Glisser le doigt dans les deux sens le long du bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer horizontalement la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Pour afficher les options de d\'e9filement virtuel et r\'e9gler vos param\'e8tres, cliquez sur ce bouton.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment actif, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Faire d\'e9filer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9\b0 . Il s'agit g\'e9n\'e9ralement de la derni\'e8re fen\'eatre, de la derni\'e8re partie de fen\'eatre ou du dernier \'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer un \'e9l\'e9ment plac\'e9 sous le pointeur, s\'e9lectionnez cette option. Vous pouvez alors faire d\'e9filer un \'e9l\'e9ment plac\'e9 sous le pointeur sans avoir \'e0 le s\'e9lectionner auparavant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Pour faire d\'e9filer facilement de longs documents, cochez la case \b Activer le glissement\b0 . Lorsque cette option est activ\'e9e, le d\'e9filement virtuel continue, m\'eame si vous retirez votre doigt du TouchPad.\par
\par
Pour utiliser le glissement, d\'e9placez le doigt et retirez-le en un seul mouvement r\'e9gulier vertical ou horizontal. Pour arr\'eater le glissement, effleurez le TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Le diagramme suivant repr\'e9sente la surface du TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme indique les zones de d\'e9filement virtuel sur la surface du TouchPad.\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent le long du bord du diagramme du TouchPad pour montrer la position du doigt. Si le doigt est dans une zone de d\'e9filement virtuel sur le TouchPad, la zone de d\'e9filement virtuel correspondante sur le diagramme appara\'eet de couleur unie. Il est possible d'agrandir ou de r\'e9duire les zones de d\'e9filement virtuel en d\'e9pla\'e7ant l'un des petits carr\'e9s noirs aux bords des zones hachur\'e9es.\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher le d\'e9filement virtuel, essayez d'\'e9largir la r\'e9gion de d\'e9filement virtuel en d\'e9pla\'e7ant vers l'int\'e9rieur les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e. Si le d\'e9filement virtuel semble se d\'e9clencher trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone de d\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
Si les zones de d\'e9filement virtuel apparaissent gris\'e9es et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, s\'e9lectionnez une option de d\'e9filement virtuel pour pouvoir redimensionner les zones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter le tutoriel sur le d\'e9filement virtuel, cliquez sur le bouton d\b 'Entra\'eenement\b0 . Ce simple labyrinthe vous permet d'apprendre comment utiliser la fonction D\'e9filement virtuel.\par
\par
REMARQUE : Assurez-vous que les cases \b D\'e9filement horizontal\b0  et \b D\'e9filement vertical\b0  sont coch\'e9es.\par
\par
Examinez le labyrinthe avant de commencer pour identifier les points de d\'e9but et de fin. Vous ne pouvez pas voir le labyrinthe en entier car il est plus grand que la fen\'eatre dans laquelle il est affich\'e9. Utilisez le d\'e9filement virtuel pour d\'e9placer l'affichage du labyrinthe dans la fen\'eatre. Maintenez la touche \b Ctrl\b0  enfonc\'e9e et utilisez la fonction D\'e9filement virtuel pour agrandir ou r\'e9duire le labyrinthe.\par
\par
Un point jaune dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche du labyrinthe marque l'entr\'e9e du labyrinthe. Un point bleu sur le c\'f4t\'e9 droit du labyrinthe en marque la sortie.\par
\par
Pour commencer :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cliquez sur le carr\'e9 rouge dans le point jaune pour commencer.\par
2.\tab Utilisez les touches de \b d\'e9filement\b0  ou tapez sur le TouchPad pour naviguer dans le labyrinthe.\par
3.\tab Utilisez D\'e9filement virtuel pour d\'e9placer l'affichage du labyrinthe dans la fen\'eatre.\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton de \b fermeture\b0  de la fen\'eatre d'\b Entra\'eenement au d\'e9filement virtuel\b0  apr\'e8s avoir atteint le point bleu dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Pour activer le d\'e9filement virtuel sur les fen\'eatres \'e0 barre de d\'e9filement horizontal, cochez la case \b D\'e9filement horizontal\b0 . Glisser le doigt dans les deux sens le long du bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer horizontalement la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Pour activer le d\'e9filement virtuel sur les fen\'eatres \'e0 barre de d\'e9filement vertical, cochez la case \b D\'e9filement vertical\b0 . Glisser le doigt dans les deux sens le long du bord droit du TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer verticalement la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Ce curseur vous permet de contr\'f4ler la vitesse de d\'e9filement virtuel. D\'e9placez le curseur vers la droite pour acc\'e9l\'e9rer le d\'e9placement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Cocher la case \b Activer Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner\b0  permet de taper et d'appuyer pour effectuer une action sp\'e9cifique. Les actions sont affect\'e9es dans la liste d\'e9roulante \b Action de frappe\b0 .\par
\i\'ab Taper \'bb \i0 est un mouvement du doigt rapide, vers le bas, puis vers le haut, sur le haut du b\'e2tonnet de pointage. Une tape l\'e9g\'e8re et rapide constitue la m\'e9thode la plus efficace. Les tapes tr\'e8s fortes ou lentes sont moins efficaces. Tapez une fois pour cliquer une fois, ou deux fois en succession rapide pour double-cliquer.\par
\i\'ab Appuyer \'bb\i0  veut dire appuyer rapidement avec le doigt sur le haut du b\'e2tonnet de pointage. Appuyer l\'e9g\'e8rement et d\'e9lib\'e9r\'e9ment constitue la m\'e9thode la plus efficace. Appuyez bien droit pour simuler l'action \'ab cliquer et maintenir appuy\'e9 le bouton de la souris \'bb. Appuyez bien droit puis vers le c\'f4t\'e9 pour cliquer-d\'e9placer dans une direction. Retirez votre doigt pour rel\'e2cher l'objet d\'e9plac\'e9.\par
\par
Lorsque la case \b Activer Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner\b0  n'est pas coch\'e9e, vous devez appuyer sur un bouton du Touchpad pour effectuer un clic gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Pour \'e9viter les clics non d\'e9sir\'e9s lors de la saisie, cochez cette case.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Pour affecter une action au b\'e2tonnet de pointage lorsque vous tapez l\'e9g\'e8rement dessus, s\'e9lectionnez une option de la liste d\'e9roulante \b Action de frappe.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Pour les clics et les double-clics, d\'e9placez ce curseur pour r\'e9gler la vitesse requise pour les tapes sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage.\par
\par
Si la vitesse s\'e9lectionn\'e9e est trop lente, il est possible que des ph\'e9nom\'e8nes de clics involontaires, de retard dans les mouvements du pointeur et dans les d\'e9placements se produisent. Cependant, si la vitesse s\'e9lectionn\'e9e est trop rapide, vous remarquerez qu'il devient difficile d'utiliser la fonction Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Pour activer le d\'e9filement virtuel, cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement\b0 . Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, vous pouvez utiliser le b\'e2tonnet de pointage pour les d\'e9filements virtuels horizontal et vertical uniquement. Vous devez utiliser le TouchPad ou une souris pour d\'e9placer le curseur.\par
\par
Pour utiliser le d\'e9filement virtuel, appuyez sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage dans la direction de d\'e9filement souhait\'e9e. Pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement, retirez votre doigt du b\'e2tonnet de pointage.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Pour r\'e9gler la vitesse du \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0 , utilisez ce curseur. D\'e9placez le curseur vers la droite pour augmenter la vitesse de d\'e9filement en bordure ou vers la gauche pour la diminuer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Pour r\'e9gler la pression n\'e9cessaire au mouvement du curseur et \'e0 l'action d'Appuyer-pour-s\'e9lectionner sur le b\'e2tonnet de pointage, utilisez le curseur \b Sensibilit\'e9 \'e0 la pression\b0 .\par
\par
Pour diminuer la pression totale n\'e9cessaire, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Pression l\'e9g\'e8re\b0 .\par
\par
Pour augmenter la pression totale n\'e9cessaire, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Pression forte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Pour maintenir le pointeur \'e0 l'int\'e9rieur de la fen\'eatre active, cochez la case \b Arr\'eat aux bordures de la fen\'eatre\b0 . L'arr\'eat du pointeur aux bords de la fen\'eatre facilite l'acc\'e8s aux commandes qui sont autour des bords d'une fen\'eatre.\par
\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, si vous essayez une premi\'e8re fois de sortir le pointeur de la fen\'eatre, il reste bloqu\'e9 au bord. Si vous essayez une deuxi\'e8me fois, le pointeur est libre de quitter la fen\'eatre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Pour am\'e9liorer la pr\'e9cision du pointage et obtenir un meilleur positionnement, s\'e9lectionnez une option de la liste d\'e9roulante \b Touche de ralenti\b0 . Cette fonction permet de r\'e9duire la vitesse du pointeur.\par
\par
Pour utiliser une vitesse de d\'e9placement lente, appuyez sur la touche s\'e9lectionn\'e9e et maintenez-la enfonc\'e9e lors du d\'e9placement du pointeur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Pour restaurer automatiquement les param\'e8tres par d\'e9faut du pointeur lorsqu'une bo\'eete de dialogue appara\'eet \'e0 l'\'e9cran, s\'e9lectionnez cette fonction.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Pour forcer un d\'e9placement purement horizontal ou vertical du pointeur sur l'\'e9cran, s\'e9lectionnez une option de la liste d\'e9roulante \b Touche de restriction du pointeur\b0 .\par
\par
Pour s\'e9lectionner un d\'e9placement de pointeur restreint, appuyez sur la touche s\'e9lectionn\'e9e et maintenez-la enfonc\'e9e lors du d\'e9placement du pointeur. Lorsque la touche est enfonc\'e9e, la direction initiale de d\'e9placement du pointeur d\'e9termine la direction de d\'e9placement permise tant que le doigt reste sur le TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Pour obtenir un retour sur les actions de pointage, cochez la case \b Anim\'e9e\b0 . L'ic\'f4ne anim\'e9e s'affiche dans la barre des t\'e2ches Windows. Double-cliquez sur l'ic\'f4ne pour ouvrir la fen\'eatre \b Propri\'e9t\'e9s de la souris\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Pour obtenir un d\'e9placement tr\'e8s r\'e9gulier du pointeur, s\'e9lectionnez la vitesse de rafra\'eechissement \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Si le pointeur appara\'eet instable ou s'il scintille \'e0 l'\'e9cran, essayez de s\'e9lectionner la vitesse de rafra\'eechissement \b Lente\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Num\'e9ro de version de votre TouchPad Synaptics.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Pour conna\'eetre les brevets Synaptics les plus r\'e9cents, consultez notre site Web \'e0 l'adresse suivante : http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Mode Double\b0\par
La fonction Mode Double permet de passer du mode Curseur au mode Bouton. En mode Bouton, le boutons virtuels du TouchPad constituent des raccourcis tr\'e8s pratiques vers les applications les plus utilis\'e9es. De plus, une commande de r\'e9glage du volume permet d'augmenter ou de baisser le volume facilement et rapidement.\par
\par
Pour activer Mode Double, cochez la case \b Basculer en mode Bouton en appuyant dans le coin sup\'e9rieur droit\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser le mode Bouton\~:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Appuyez sur le bouton \b Changement de mode\b0 . Ce bouton est situ\'e9 dans le coin sup\'e9rieur droit du TouchPad, au-dessus de la commande de r\'e9glage du volume.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Appuyez sur le bouton virtuel correspondant \'e0 l'application que vous souhaitez lancer. Le TouchPad repasse automatiquement en mode Curseur une fois l'application ouverte.\par
\pard\tx180\par
REMARQUE\~: pour utiliser le mode Bouton lorsqu'un dispositif de pointage externe, tel qu'une souris, est connect\'e9, cochez la case \b Toujours en mode Bouton lorsqu'un dispositif externe est connect\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
Options du mode Bouton\par
Il existe six boutons virtuels que vous pouvez configurer en fonction de vos besoins. Les trois boutons virtuels situ\'e9s dans la partie sup\'e9rieure disposent d'une configuration par d\'e9faut, tandis que les autres ne sont pas configur\'e9s. Les param\'e8tres par d\'e9faut des boutons virtuels configur\'e9s sont les suivants\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 gauche, permet d'ouvrir l'application de messagerie \'e9lectronique correspondante.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, au milieu, permet d'ouvrir l'application ConfigFree. Pour plus d'informations, reportez-vous \'e0 l'aide en ligne de Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 droite, permet d'envoyer l'\'e9l\'e9ment de la fen\'eatre active vers l'imprimante.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
Options du mode Bouton\par
Il existe six boutons virtuels que vous pouvez configurer en fonction de vos besoins. Parmi les boutons virtuels, quatre disposent d'une configuration par d\'e9faut, tandis que les autres ne sont pas configur\'e9s. Les param\'e8tres par d\'e9faut des boutons virtuels configur\'e9s sont les suivants\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 gauche, permet d'ouvrir l'application de messagerie \'e9lectronique correspondante.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, au milieu, permet d'ouvrir le navigateur Web correspondant.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 droite, permet d'ouvrir l'application BeatJam. Pour plus d'informations, reportez-vous \'e0 l'aide en ligne de Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie inf\'e9rieure, \'e0 gauche, permet d'ouvrir l'aide en ligne de Toshiba.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b Button Check\b0  permet de ne pas utiliser les boutons de fa\'e7on accidentelle. Elle distingue les appuis des simples contacts pendant les op\'e9rations de saisie. Ceci permet d'\'e9viter des actions ind\'e9sirables.\par
\par
Si le bouton est utilis\'e9 de fa\'e7on intempestive, faites glisser le curseur de la fonctionnalit\'e9 Button Check vers la droite, en direction de sa valeur \b Maximum\b0 . Par contre, si le bouton ne fonctionne pas comme pr\'e9vu, faites glisser le curseur de la fonctionnalit\'e9 Button Check vers la gauche, en direction de sa valeur \b Minimum\b0 . Le bouton risque de sembler sans effet si vous placez le curseur totalement \'e0 droite.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Pour configurer les actions \'e0 effectuer lorsque vous appuyez sur un bouton, s\'e9lectionnez le bouton voulu dans le menu. Par exemple, vous pouvez d\'e9finir le bouton 1 sur \'ab\~atteindre une page Web avec le navigateur par d\'e9faut\~\'bb. Ainsi, lorsque vous appuyez sur le bouton 1, le navigateur Web ouvre automatiquement la page demand\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Les param\'e8tres \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0  permettent de personnaliser la fa\'e7on dont le p\'e9riph\'e9rique r\'e9pond \'e0 vos pressions. Pour r\'e9gler les param\'e8tres de sensibilit\'e9, s\'e9lectionnez un \'e9l\'e9ment dans le menu \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
Le curseur \b Sensibilit\'e9 \'e0 la pression\b0  permet de sp\'e9cifier la pression \'e0 appliquer pour activer le p\'e9riph\'e9rique.\par
\par
Lorsque le p\'e9riph\'e9rique fonctionne de fa\'e7on erratique ou si vous travaillez dans des zones \'e0 forte humidit\'e9, r\'e9duisez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la droite, en direction de \b Pression forte\b0 .\par
\par
Si vous devez appuyer trop fort pour utiliser le p\'e9riph\'e9rique, augmentez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la gauche, en direction de \b Pression l\'e9g\'e8re\b0 .\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Dans la liste situ\'e9e au-dessus, choisissez l'action \'e0 attribuer au bouton s\'e9lectionn\'e9. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e se produit syst\'e9matiquement lorsque vous appuyez sur le bouton.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
La case \'e0 cocher \b Activer les sons\b0  permet d'associer un son \'e0 la pression d'un bouton.\par
Lorsque cette option est d\'e9sactiv\'e9e, aucun son n'est \'e9mis lors de l'utilisation des boutons.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
La case \'e0 cocher \b Activer l'\'e9clairage\b0  permet d'\'e9clairer les boutons, qu'ils soient actifs ou non.\par
Lorsque cette case \'e0 cocher est d\'e9sactiv\'e9e, les boutons ne sont pas \'e9clair\'e9s et leur pression n'entra\'eene pas leur illumination.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
Le curseur \b D\'e9sactiver la luminosit\'e9\b0  permet de r\'e9gler le niveau de luminosit\'e9 des boutons lorsque ces derniers ne sont pas utilis\'e9s.\par
Si la luminosit\'e9 des boutons inactifs est trop \'e9lev\'e9e, d\'e9placez ce curseur vers la valeur \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Par contre, si la luminosit\'e9 des boutons inactifs est trop faible, d\'e9placez ce curseur vers la valeur \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
Le curseur \b Activer la luminosit\'e9\b0  permet de r\'e9gler le niveau de luminosit\'e9 des boutons lorsque ces derniers sont sollicit\'e9s.\par
Si la luminosit\'e9 des boutons est trop \'e9lev\'e9e lorsque vous appuyez dessus, d\'e9placez ce curseur vers la valeur \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Par contre, si la luminosit\'e9 de ces boutons est trop faible, d\'e9placez ce curseur vers la valeur \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Options du mode Bouton\b0\par
Vous disposez de six boutons virtuels que vous pouvez configurer en fonction des besoins. Les trois boutons virtuels situ\'e9s dans la partie sup\'e9rieure disposent d'une configuration par d\'e9faut, tandis que les autres ne sont pas configur\'e9s. Les param\'e8tres par d\'e9faut des boutons virtuels configur\'e9s sont les suivants\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 gauche, permet d'ouvrir l'application de messagerie \'e9lectronique correspondante.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, au milieu, permet d'ouvrir l'application ConfigFree. Pour plus d'informations, reportez-vous \'e0 l'aide en ligne de Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 droite, permet d'ouvrir l'application Photo Gallery sous Windows.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Pour configurer l'action \'e0 effectuer lorsque vous faites glisser votre doigt sur un curseur, s\'e9lectionnez un curseur dans le menu. Par exemple, vous pouvez d\'e9finir Curseur 1 sur \'ab\~R\'e9gler le volume sur le syst\'e8me\~\'bb. Ainsi, lorsque vous faites glisser votre doigt sur le curseur 1, le volume monte ou baisse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action dans le groupe d'actions ci-dessus pour les affecter au curseur s\'e9lectionn\'e9. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e se produit lorsque vous faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou le bas sur le curseur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b R\'e9gler la vitesse de d\'e9placement du pointeur\b0\par
Ce curseur contr\'f4le la vitesse de d\'e9placement du pointeur. Pour en contr\'f4ler la vitesse, s\'e9lectionnez \b Lent\b0  ou \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Options du mode Bouton\b0\par
Vous disposez de six boutons virtuels que vous pouvez configurer en fonction des besoins. Les trois boutons virtuels situ\'e9s dans la partie sup\'e9rieure disposent d'une configuration par d\'e9faut, tandis que les autres ne sont pas configur\'e9s. Les param\'e8tres par d\'e9faut des boutons virtuels configur\'e9s sont les suivants\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, \'e0 gauche, permet d'ouvrir l'application de messagerie \'e9lectronique correspondante.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Une pression sur le bouton virtuel situ\'e9 dans la partie sup\'e9rieure, au milieu, permet d'ouvrir l'application ConfigFree. Pour plus d'informations, reportez-vous \'e0 l'aide en ligne de Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Appuyez sur le bouton virtuel dans le coin sup\'e9rieur droit pour ouvrir le dossier Mes images.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Barre de contr\'f4le\par
\par
La barre de contr\'f4le permet de configurer les boutons afin de lancer vos applications favorites. Vous pouvez personnaliser l'aspect de la barre de contr\'f4le en jouant sur son \'e9clairage, la dur\'e9e de transition et les param\'e8tres de sensibilit\'e9 au toucher. La barre de contr\'f4le permet \'e9galement d'acc\'e9der rapidement aux fonctions de contr\'f4le du volume pour les effets audio logiciels.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer\b0  pour activer la barre de contr\'f4le. Si vous ne souhaitez pas utiliser la barre de contr\'f4le, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b D\'e9sactiver\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
R\'e9glage des DEL\par
\par
Vous pouvez utiliser la glissi\'e8re \b R\'e9glage des DEL\b0  pour r\'e9gler la luminosit\'e9 des DEL de la barre de contr\'f4le.\par
\par
Pour am\'e9liorer la luminosit\'e9, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers la droite, \b Lumineux\b0 .\par
\par
Pour r\'e9duire la luminosit\'e9, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers la gauche, \b Sombre\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Vitesse de transition\par
\par
Utilisez la glissi\'e8re \b Vitesse de transition\b0  pour r\'e9gler la vitesse \'e0 laquelle les DEL doivent s'\'e9teindre apr\'e8s avoir rel\'e2ch\'e9 la barre de contr\'f4le.\par
\par
Pour une transition lente, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers la droite, \b Lente\b0 .\par
\par
Pour une transition rapide, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers la droite, \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Sensibilit\'e9 \'e0 la pression\par
\par
Le curseur \b Sensibilit\'e9 \'e0 la pression\b0  permet de sp\'e9cifier la pression \'e0 appliquer pour activer la barre de contr\'f4le.\par
\par
Si la barre de contr\'f4le ne r\'e9pond pas \'e0 la pression ou si vous devez appuyer fort pour l'utiliser, renforcez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant la glissi\'e8re vers la gauche, \b L\'e9g\'e8re\b0 .\par
\par
Si vous activez accidentellement la barre de contr\'f4le d'une l\'e9g\'e8re pression, r\'e9duisez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant la glissi\'e8re vers la droite, \b Forte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Effets audio\par
\par
Pour associer un effet audio \'e0 une sp\'e9cification, entrez un fichier son ou cliquez sur Parcourir et s\'e9lectionnez un fichier audio.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volume\par
\par
La glissi\'e8re \b Volume\b0  permet de contr\'f4ler facilement le volume des effets audio.\par
\par
Pour am\'e9liorer le volume, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers la droite, \b Fort\b0 .\par
\par
Pour r\'e9duire le volume, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers la gauche, \b Silence\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Applications\par
\par
Pour associer un bouton au lancement d'une application, entrez un fichier ex\'e9cutable ou cliquez sur Parcourir et s\'e9lectionnez une application \'e0 lancer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b Zone de d\'e9sactivation de TouchPad\b0  permet d'activer ou de d\'e9sactiver TouchPad en touchant l'un de ses angles et en conservant votre doigt enfonc\'e9 pendant une courte p\'e9riode.\par
Si TouchPad est activ\'e9, touchez le coin pour le d\'e9sactiver. Si TouchPad est d\'e9sactiv\'e9, touchez le coin pour l'activer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
La glissi\'e8re \b Temps de pression minimum\b0  permet de sp\'e9cifier pendant combien de temps vous devez appuyer sur le coin de TouchPad pour l'activer ou le d\'e9sactiver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
La fonction D\'e9filement virtuel est une innovation qui vient remplacer les m\'e9thodes traditionnelles de d\'e9filement. Cette fonction d\'e9place les barres de d\'e9filement de fa\'e7on automatique ce qui permet de conserver le pointeur l\'e0 o\'f9 vous le souhaitez.\par
\par
Elle fonctionne avec la plupart des fen\'eatres \'e0 d\'e9filement telles que les documents de traitement de texte, les tableurs et les grandes images num\'e9riques. Elle fonctionne aussi avec les autres \'e9l\'e9ments sujets au d\'e9filement, tels que les listes de fichiers ou de polices.\par
\par
Le d\'e9filement ChiralMotion, un type unique de d\'e9filement virtuel, permet de b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un d\'e9filement cyclique continu. La vitesse de d\'e9filement d\'e9pend de la vitesse de d\'e9placement du doigt. Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un d\'e9filement rapide, faites de petits cercles rapidement. Pour un d\'e9filement lent, faites de grands cercles et d\'e9placez votre doigt doucement. La direction du d\'e9filement peut \'eatre invers\'e9e en changeant la direction du mouvement.\par
\par
Pour effectuer un d\'e9filement vertical\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment que vous souhaitez faire d\'e9filer.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou le bas du bord droit du TouchPad selon la direction voulue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser ChiralMotion pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement vertical\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez les cases \b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0  et \b Activer le d\'e9filement ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment que vous souhaitez faire d\'e9filer.\par
3.\tab Placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, pr\'e8s du centre du bord droit.\par
4.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou le bas dans la direction de d\'e9filement voulue, puis effectuez un mouvement circulaire. Votre doigt peut se d\'e9placer vers le centre de TouchPad tout en effectuant un mouvement dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour effectuer un d\'e9filement horizontal\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment que vous souhaitez faire d\'e9filer.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers la gauche ou la droite du bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad selon la direction voulue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser ChiralMotion pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement horizontal\~:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez les cases \b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal\b0  et \b Activer le d\'e9filement ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment que vous souhaitez faire d\'e9filer.\par
3.\tab Placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad, pr\'e8s du centre du bord inf\'e9rieur.\par
4.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers la gauche ou la droite dans la direction de d\'e9filement voulue, puis effectuez un mouvement circulaire. Votre doigt peut se d\'e9placer vers le centre de TouchPad tout en effectuant un mouvement dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si la fonction D\'e9filement virtuel ne fonctionne pas, assurez-vous que la ou les cases \b Activer le d\'e9filement\b0  sont s\'e9lectionn\'e9es et que la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9 peut faire l'objet d'un d\'e9filement. En cas de probl\'e8me, v\'e9rifiez les param\'e8tres de \b Zone de d\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 Vitesse permet de b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un mouvement fluide, rapide, comparable \'e0 celui d'un trackball. Un d\'e9placement l\'e9ger du doigt sur la surface du TouchPad permet de d\'e9placer le curseur sur toute la surface de l'\'e9cran. Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 r\'e9duit les mouvements r\'e9p\'e9titifs et la fatigue associ\'e9s au d\'e9placement du curseur sur de longues distances, tout en offrant une sensation fluide et naturelle comparable \'e0 celle d'un trackball. Elle est id\'e9ale pour les jeux de strat\'e9gie en temps r\'e9el (RTS), de tir (FPS) et de r\'f4les (RPG).\par
\par
Cochez la case \b Activer vitesse\b0  pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
La glissi\'e8re \b Distance de glissement\b0  permet de r\'e9gler la distance d\'e9placement du curseur en r\'e9ponse \'e0 une pression du doit sur le TouchPad. Pour arr\'eater le curseur, placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad. Un simple appui sur le TouchPad arr\'eate \'e9galement le curseur.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Rebondir sur les bords de l'\'e9cran\b0  pour conserver le curseur dans les limites de l'\'e9cran. Cette option facilite l'acc\'e8s aux options de menu et aux contr\'f4les qui sont proches des bords de l'\'e9cran.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Le \'ab\~pincement\~\'bb permet d'obtenir un grossissement dans la plupart des applications. Cette op\'e9ration permet d'ex\'e9cuter la m\'eame fonction qu'une molette de d\'e9filement sur les applications Windows standard qui prennent en charge la fonctionnalit\'e9 de grossissement lors d'un appui sur CTRL-MOLETTE.\par
\par
Pour effectuer un pincement, placez deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad. Rapprochez ou \'e9cartez-les. Pour effectuer un grossissement, posez vos doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, proches l'un de l'autre, puis \'e9cartez-les. Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 une r\'e9duction, \'e9cartez les doigts, puis rapprochez-les.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
Le d\'e9filement \'e0 deux doigts ChiralMotion est une solution de remplacement novatrice par rapport aux m\'e9thodes de d\'e9filement conventionnelles. Vous pouvez proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement vers le haut ou le bas en pla\'e7ant simplement deux doigts sur le TouchPad et en effectuant un mouvement circulaire. Il est inutile de conserver les deux doigts sur le TouchPad une fois le d\'e9filement lanc\'e9. Le d\'e9filement se poursuit tant que vous conservez un doigt sur la surface du TouchPad et que vous effectuez un mouvement circulaire.\par
\par
La vitesse de d\'e9placement des doigts conditionne la vitesse de d\'e9filement. Pour un d\'e9filement rapide, faites de petits cercles et d\'e9placez votre doigt rapidement. Pour un d\'e9filement lent, faites de grands cercles et d\'e9placez votre doigt doucement. La direction du d\'e9filement peut \'eatre invers\'e9e en changeant la direction du mouvement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
Un \b Geste avanc\'e9\b0  est une action r\'e9alis\'e9e par l'utilisateur sur un capteur de Synaptics TouchPad et reconnue par le p\'e9riph\'e9rique, qui ex\'e9cute une fonction sp\'e9cifi\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
Un geste \b glissement rapide \b0\'e9quivaut \'e0 placer deux doigts sur la surface du TouchPad, l\'e9g\'e8rement s\'e9par\'e9s, \'e0 les faire glisser en effectuant un mouvement droit et continu, puis \'e0 les retirer simultan\'e9ment de la surface du TouchPad. L'action lanc\'e9e par le geste \'ab glissement rapide \'bb d\'e9pend de chaque application ; par exemple, dans Internet Explorer, un glissement rapide vers la gauche correspond \'e0 la fonction \'ab Retour \'bb.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
Le geste \b ChiralRotate\b0  fait pivoter l'objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s vers la droite ou vers la gauche. Le geste \b ChiralRotate\b0  ne fonctionne que dans les applications prises en charge.\par
\par
Pour commencer le geste \b ChiralRotate\b0 , placez un doigt sur la zone verticale gauche du TouchPad et d\'e9placez-le en effectuant un mouvement circulaire. Si l'application est prise en charge, l'objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 pivote par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b pincer\b0  pour activer cette fonction.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer ChiralRotate\b0  pour activer cette fonction.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer le glissement rapide\b0  pour activer cette fonction.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Pour voir une d\'e9monstration sur l'utilisation du geste Pincement, s\'e9lectionnez le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  sous la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer pincer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Pour voir une d\'e9monstration sur l'utilisation du geste ChiralRotate, s\'e9lectionnez le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  sous la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Pour voir une d\'e9monstration sur l'utilisation du geste glissement rapide, s\'e9lectionnez le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  sous la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer le glissement rapide\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Pour afficher une d\'e9monstration du geste Momentum, s\'e9lectionnez le bouton \b Afficher vid\'e9o\b0 , sous la case \'e0 cocher \b Activer vitesse\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
Le d\'e9filement virtuel est une m\'e9thode novatrice qui peut se substituer aux m\'e9thodes de d\'e9filement traditionnelles. Le d\'e9filement virtuel permet de d\'e9placer les barres de d\'e9filement de fa\'e7on automatique, ce qui \'e9vite d'avoir \'e0 d\'e9placer le curseur.\par
\par
Le d\'e9filement virtuel fonctionne avec la plupart des fen\'eatres avec barres de d\'e9filement, telles que les documents de traitement de texte, les feuilles de calcul et les grandes images num\'e9riques. Il est \'e9galement compatible avec d'autres \'e9l\'e9ments de d\'e9filement, tels que les listes de fichiers et de polices.\par
\par
Le d\'e9filement lin\'e9aire, qui fait partir du d\'e9filement virtuel, permet de r\'e9tablir le d\'e9filement traditionnel.\par
\par
Le d\'e9filement ChiralMotion, un type unique de d\'e9filement virtuel, permet de faire d\'e9filer vos documents de fa\'e7on continue avec un mouvement circulaire continu et r\'e9gulier. La vitesse de d\'e9filement est contr\'f4l\'e9e par la vitesse de d\'e9placement des doigts. Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un d\'e9filement rapide, effectuez de petits cercles rapides. Pour un d\'e9filement lent, faites de grands cercles et d\'e9placez les doigts lentement. La direction du d\'e9filement peut \'eatre invers\'e9e en modifiant la direction du mouvement.\par
\par
Pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement lin\'e9aire vertical :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur l'ic\'f4ne \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  ou double-cliquez sur \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement sur longue distance\b0 .\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton radio \b D\'e9filement lin\'e9aire\b0 .\par
5.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer.\par
6.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers le bord droit du TouchPad dans la direction voulue pour le d\'e9filement.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser ChiralMotion pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un d\'e9filement vertical :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur l'ic\'f4ne \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  ou double-cliquez sur \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement sur longue distance\b0 .\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton radio \b D\'e9filement ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer.\par
6.\tab Placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad pr\'e8s du centre du bord droit.\par
7.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou le bas, selon la direction de d\'e9filement, puis proc\'e9dez \'e0 un d\'e9placement circulaire. Votre doigt peut glisser vers le centre du Touchpad tout en effectuant un mouvement circulaire dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement lin\'e9aire horizontal :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur l'ic\'f4ne \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  ou double-cliquez sur \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement sur longue distance\b0 .\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton radio \b D\'e9filement lin\'e9aire\b0 .\par
5.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer.\par
6.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers la droite ou la gauche sur le bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad dans la direction voulue pour le d\'e9filement.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser ChiralMotion pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un d\'e9filement horizontal :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cliquez sur l'ic\'f4ne \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0  ou double-cliquez sur \b D\'e9filement virtuel\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement sur longue distance\b0 .\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton radio \b D\'e9filement ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer.\par
6.\tab Placez votre doigt sur le TouchPad pr\'e8s du centre du bord inf\'e9rieur.\par
7.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers la gauche ou la droite, selon la direction de d\'e9filement, puis proc\'e9dez \'e0 un d\'e9placement circulaire. Votre doigt peut glisser vers le centre du Touchpad tout en effectuant un mouvement circulaire dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si le d\'e9filement virtuel ne r\'e9pond pas, assurez-vous que la ou les cases \b Activer le d\'e9filement\b0  sont s\'e9lectionn\'e9es et que la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9 est compatible avec le d\'e9filement. Si les probl\'e8mes persistent, consultez les param\'e8tres \b Zone de d\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Pour afficher une d\'e9monstration du mode d'utilisation du d\'e9filement virtuel, s\'e9lectionnez le bouton \b Afficher la vid\'e9o\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Pour afficher une d\'e9monstration du geste \b Glissement rapide\b0 , s\'e9lectionnez le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Pour effectuer un glissement rapide vertical, activez la case \b Activer le glissement rapide vertical\b0 . Placez deux doigts, l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s, sur le TouchPad et faites-les glisser vers le haut ou le bas. Ensuite soulevez-les et et ex\'e9cutez une fonction propre \'e0 l'application.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Pour effectuer un glissement rapide vertical, activez la case \b Activer le glissement rapide horizontal\b0 . Placez deux doigts, l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s, sur le TouchPad et faites-les glisser vers la droite ou la gauche. Ensuite, soulevez-les pour ex\'e9cuter une fonction propre \'e0 l'application.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  pour voir l'action en contexte.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
Cette fen\'eatre \b Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0  permet de personnaliser les param\'e8tres du p\'e9riph\'e9rique de pointage. Utilisez l'arborescence de menus situ\'e9e \'e0 gauche pour acc\'e9der aux fonctionnalit\'e9s personnalis\'e9es. Ces derni\'e8res incluent le pointage et le d\'e9filement avec un doigt, les gestes impliquant plusieurs doigts pour manipuler des documents, des objets et des applications.\par
\par
\b Utilisation de la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0\par
Cliquez sur une fonctionnalit\'e9 dans l'arborescence de menus pour afficher la page regroupant les descriptions et les param\'e8tres correspondant. Certaines fonctionnalit\'e9s sont associ\'e9es \'e0 plusieurs pages de param\'e8tres. Cliquez sur le signe + (signe plus) pr\'e8s d'une fonctionnalit\'e9 pour afficher les pages correspondantes. Les param\'e8tres s'affichent dans une fen\'eatre, \'e0 droite de l'arborescence de menus. Des informations sur les options et des instructions de modification s'affichent dans cette zone d'information. Vous pouvez utiliser cette barre de d\'e9filement pour afficher le contenu de la zone d'information.\par
\par
\b Bouton des valeurs par d\'e9faut\b0\par
Le bouton \b Valeurs par d\'e9faut\b0  r\'e9tablit les valeurs d'usine des param\'e8tres de la page active.\par
\par
Bouton \b OK\b0\par
Le bouton \b OK\b0  enregistre vos modifications et ferme la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s.\par
\par
Bouton \b Annuler \b0\par
Le bouton \b Annuler\b0  ferme la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s sans enregistrer les modifications et r\'e9tablit tous les param\'e8tres pr\'e9c\'e9dents.\par
\par
Bouton \b Appliquer \b0\par
Le bouton \b Appliquer\b0  enregistre vos modifications, mais conserve la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s de fa\'e7on \'e0 apporter des modifications suppl\'e9mentaires.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Les pages relatives aux param\'e8tres de \b pointage\b0  permettent de sp\'e9cifier la fa\'e7on dont votre curseur r\'e9pond aux actions de pointage et de s\'e9lection.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Activez la case \b Activer vitesse\b0  pour utiliser cette fonctionnalit\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b Mouvement contraint\b0  permet de forcer le mouvement purement horizontal ou vertical \'e0 l'\'e9cran. Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 est particuli\'e8rement utile pour les programmes de dessin. Pour l'activer, maintenez enfonc\'e9e une touche tout en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le pointeur. Lorsque vous appuyez sur la touche, la direction initiale du pointeur d\'e9termine la direction autoris\'e9e du mouvement, tant que votre doit demeure sur TouchPad.\par
\par
Pour utiliser le mouvement contraint :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Activez la case Activer le mouvement contraint pour activer les options dans la zone de liste.\par
2.\tab Choisissez une touche dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 cette fonctionnalit\'e9.\par
3.\tab Maintenez enfonc\'e9e la touche s\'e9lectionn\'e9e lorsque vous souhaitez contraindre le mouvement du pointeur.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement \b0\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement permettent d'utiliser les barres de d\'e9filement de la fen\'eatre s\'e9lectionn\'e9e de fa\'e7on automatique. Ainsi, vous n'avez plus \'e0 retirer le pointeur de la zone de travail. Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement sont compatibles avec la plupart des fen\'eatres, telles que les fen\'eatres de documents, de feuilles de calcul, de grandes images num\'e9riques et autres \'e9l\'e9ments \'e0 faire d\'e9filer, tels que les listes de fichiers et de polices.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement invers\'e9\b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 d'\b inversion du d\'e9filement\b0  permet de modifier le comportement de d\'e9filement standard. Ce comportement d\'e9place la barre de d\'e9filement dans le sens du mouvement du doigt. La fonctionnalit\'e9 d'inversion du d\'e9filement d\'e9place le document ou l'objet dans le sens inverse du mouvement du doigt.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer direction de d\'e9filement invers\'e9e\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
Le curseur de \b vitesse de d\'e9filement\b0  permet de r\'e9gler la vitesse du d\'e9filement. Faites glisser ce curseur vers la droite pour un d\'e9filement plus rapide.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ChiralScrolling\'99 permet de b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un d\'e9filement continu en effectuant un mouvement unique, r\'e9gulier et circulaire. La vitesse de d\'e9filement d\'e9pend de la vitesse du doigt.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer ChiralScrolling\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser ChiralScrolling :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur la zone \i cible.\i0  Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le haut ou le bas, la zone cible correspond au c\'f4t\'e9 droit de TouchPad. Pour faire d\'e9filer vers la gauche ou la droite, la zone cible correspond au bord inf\'e9rieur de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab D\'e9placez votre doigt dans le sens du d\'e9filement, puis effectuez des cercles dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire avec votre doigt. Lorsque ChiralScrolling est activ\'e9, votre doigt peut errer sur la surface de TouchPad tout en effectuant un mouvement circulaire.\par
\pard\tx180\par
REMARQUE : Pour changer la direction du d\'e9filement, inversez simplement la direction du mouvement du doigt. Vous proc\'e9dez alors au d\'e9filement dans le sens oppos\'e9.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement et revenir au mode Pointage, soulevez votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement \'e0 1 doigt \b0\par
Vous pouvez proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement horizontal et vertical.\par
\par
Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment que vous souhaitez faire d\'e9filer, puis faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou vers le bas, le long du bord droit de TouchPad pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement vertical. Faites glisser votre doigt vers la gauche ou la droite le long du bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement horizontal.\par
\par
Si le d\'e9filement ne se fait pas, assurez-vous que les cases \'e0 cocher requises sont activ\'e9es et que la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9 peut d\'e9filer. Si les probl\'e8mes persistent, consultez les param\'e8tres \b Zone de d\'e9filement.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Le diagramme ci-dessus repr\'e9sente la surface de TouchPad. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme pr\'e9sente les r\'e9gions de d\'e9filement sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur la surface de TouchPad, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent sur le bord du diagramme de TouchPad pour indiquer la position de votre doigt. Si votre doigt figure dans une r\'e9gion de d\'e9filement active de TouchPad, la zone de d\'e9filement correspondante du diagramme appara\'eet de fa\'e7on unie. Vous pouvez agrandir ou r\'e9duire les zones de d\'e9filement en faisant glisser l'un des petits carr\'e9s figurant sur le bord de la zone hachur\'e9e.\par
\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 lancer le d\'e9filement, essayez d'agrandir la zone de d\'e9filement en d\'e9pla\'e7ant les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e vers l'int\'e9rieur. Si vous trouvez que le d\'e9filement se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, essayez de r\'e9duire la zone de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
Si les zones de d\'e9filement sont en gris et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, assurez-vous que la fonctionnalit\'e9 de d\'e9filement est activ\'e9e.\par
\par
Pour activer le d\'e9filement :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b D\'e9filement\b0  dans l'arborescence de menus \'e0 gauche.\par
2.\tab S\'e9lectionnez la m\'e9thode de d\'e9filement voulue et activez le d\'e9filement vertical ou horizontal.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal \b0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement horizontal sur les fen\'eatres qui disposent de barres de d\'e9filement horizontales. Faites glisser votre doigt vers la gauche ou la droite, le long du bord inf\'e9rieur de TouchPad pour faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical \b0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement vertical. Faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou vers le bas le long du bord droit du TouchPad pour faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \'e0 la verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement \'e0 2 doigts \b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 D\'e9filement \'e0 2 doigts permet de proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement \'e0 l'horizontale ou \'e0 la verticale et de proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement \'e0 partir de tout emplacement de la surface de TouchPad. Posez simplement deux doigts sur TouchPad et faites-les glisser dans la direction voulue. ll n'est pas n\'e9cessaire d'\'eatre plac\'e9 dans une zone avec d\'e9filement pour effectuer un d\'e9filement.\par
\par
Pour utiliser le d\'e9filement \'e0 2 doigts :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez deux doigts sur la surface de TouchPad. Les doigts doivent \'eatre l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s.\par
2.\tab En appliquant un mouvement simple et continu, faites glisser vos deux doigts dans la direction voulue.\par
3.\tab Soulevez les deux doigts pour les retirer de la surface de TouchPad et arr\'eater le d\'e9filement.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal \b0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement horizontal sur les fen\'eatres qui disposent de barres de d\'e9filement horizontales. Le fait de faire glisser deux doigts vers la gauche ou la droite de TouchPad permet de faire glisser la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical \b0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement vertical. Le fait de faire glisser vos deux doigts vers le haut ou le bas de TouchPad permet de faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \'e0 la verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b Glissement\b0  permet de faire d\'e9filer facilement des documents longs. Avec cette fonctionnalit\'e9, le d\'e9filement se poursuit m\'eame si vous avez retir\'e9 votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad. Pour utiliser cette fonctionnalit\'e9, d\'e9placez, puis soulevez votre doigt en un seul geste fluide. Pour arr\'eater le mouvement de glissement, reposez votre doigt sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Zoom avec pincement \b0\par
Le geste Zoom avec pincement permet d'effectuer un zoom dans de nombreuses applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Zoom avec pincement pour simuler les fonctions d'une souris \'e0 roulette dans les applications Windows standard et prenant en charge la fonctionnalit\'e9 de zoom CTRL-ROULETTE D\'c9FILEMENT.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer zoom avec pincement.\b0\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter un geste de type Zoom avec pincement :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez deux doigts sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab\'c9cartez les doigts en les faisant glisser pour effectuer un zoom avant ou rapprochez-les de la m\'eame fa\'e7on pour effectuer un zoom arri\'e8re. Pour optimiser la fonction de zoom, utilisez le bout des doigts.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de type \b Rotation\b0  permettent de contr\'f4le les photos et d'autres objets au moyen de gestes pratiques.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Appui \'e0 3 doigts \b0\par
Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 fournit un raccourci permettant de lancer une ou plusieurs applications.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer l'appui \'e0 3 doi&gts.\b0  Pour s\'e9lectionner les applications \'e0 lancer, cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer.\b0\par
\par
Pour utiliser la fonctionnalit\'e9 Appui \'e0 3 doigts :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez trois doigts sur la surface de TouchPad. Assurez-vous que les doigts sont l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s.\par
2.\tab Restez immobile pendant le lancement de la ou des applications.\par
3.\tab Enlevez vos doigts de la surface de TouchPad en les soulevant.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts \b0\par
\par
Le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 trois doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts pour parcourir Internet ou parcourir les photos dans la fen\'eatre d'un lecteur de photos. Vous pouvez \'e9galement utiliser ce geste pour lancer ou arr\'eater le mode diaporama.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts.\b0\par
\par
Pour utiliser ce geste navigation lors de la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez trois doigts l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fates glisser rapidement vos doigts en un mouvement lin\'e9aire continu dans la direction voulue, en passant d'un c\'f4t\'e9 du TouchPad \'e0 l'autre.\par
3.\tab Mouvement horizontal des doigts : faites glisser vos doigts vers la droite ou la gauche pour avancer ou reculer au sein d'un lecteur de photos ou dans une fen\'eatre Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts pour le mode diaporama, faites glisser vos doigts \'e0 la verticale. Faites glisser vos doigts vers le haut pour lancer le mode Diaporama. Faites glisser vos doigts vers le bas pour quitter le mode Diaporama.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Paume sur Pad \b0\par
Le geste Paume sur Pad permet de nettoyer le bureau en r\'e9duisant toutes les fen\'eatres ouvertes. La r\'e9p\'e9tition de ce geste r\'e9tablit les fen\'eatres.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer Paume sur Pad.\b0\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter le geste Paume sur Pad :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placez le \i talon \i0 de votre pouce sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Attendez que toutes les fen\'eatres de bureau aient \'e9t\'e9 r\'e9duites ou restaur\'e9es avant de bouger votre main.\par
3.\tab Enlevez votre main de la surface de TouchPad en la soulevant.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Entra\'eenement \b0\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Practice\b0  (Entra\'eenement) pour acc\'e9der au didacticiel de d\'e9filement. Un simple labyrinthe va vous aider \'e0 apprendre comment faire d\'e9filer les objets \'e0 l'\'e9cran.\par
\par
Observez le labyrinthe avant de rechercher les points de d\'e9but et de fin. Vous ne pouvez pas voir l'ensemble du labyrinthe, car il est plus grand que la fen\'eatre qu'il occupe. Faites d\'e9filer le labyrinthe dans la fen\'eatre. Maintenez enfonc\'e9e la touche Ctrl et faites d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre pour redimensionner le labyrinthe.\par
\par
Un point jaune situ\'e9 dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche du labyrinthe marque son entr\'e9e. Un point bleu situ\'e9 dans la partie droite marque le point de sortie.\par
\par
Pour vous entra\'eener aux op\'e9rations de d\'e9filement :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cliquez sur le carr\'e9 rouge du point jaune pour commencer.\par
2.\tab Utilisez les touches fl\'e9ch\'e9es ou appuyez sur le TouchPad pour parcourir le labyrinthe.\par
3.\tab Utilisez l'une des m\'e9thodes de d\'e9filement pour d\'e9placer votre vue du labyrinthe.\par
4.\tab Cliquez sur le bouton Fermer de la fen\'eatre d'entra\'eenement apr\'e8s avoir atteint le point bleu dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b Geste M pour HP MediaSmart \b0\par
L'application HP MediaSmart peut \'eatre lanc\'e9e en ex\'e9cutant un geste en forme de M sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer geste M pour HP MediaSmart.\b0\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter ce geste :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appuyez avec deux doigts sur la surface de TouchPad, puis reposez-les imm\'e9diatement.\par
2.\tab Faites un grand \i M \i0 en faisant glisser vos doigts.\par
3.\tab L'application HP MediaSmart se lance.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s \b Am\'e9liorations du pointage\b0  permettent de sp\'e9cifier la fa\'e7on dont le curseur r\'e9pond \'e0 vos actions de pointage.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Les gestes Application constituent des raccourcis vers les applications ou les fonctions les plus utilis\'e9es. La r\'e9ponse de l'ordinateur \'e0 ces gestes peut d\'e9pendre de l'application.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 a \'e9t\'e9 con\'e7ue pour simplifier les mouvements du pointeur sur de longues distances. Lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord de TouchPad, le pointeur poursuit sa course dans la m\'eame direction jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous leviez votre doigt. S\'e9lectionnez l'une des options EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement prennent \'e9galement en charge EdgeMotion. Pour utiliser EdgeMotion pendant le d\'e9filement, s\'e9lectionnez \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0  (Activer EdgeMotion pendant le d\'e9filement) dans la section \b D\'e9filement \'e0 1 doigt\b0  ou \b D\'e9filement \'e0 2 doigts\b0  du menu \b D\'e9filement.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Activez la case \b Enable EdgeMotion when scrolling\b0  (Activer EdgeMotion pendant le d\'e9filement) si vous souhaitez poursuivre le d\'e9filement lorsque vos doigts atteignent le bord de TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Les param\'e8tres de type \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0  permettent de personnaliser la fa\'e7on dont TouchPad r\'e9agit \'e0 vos appuis.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b Glissement\b0  permet de faire d\'e9filer facilement des documents longs. Avec cette fonctionnalit\'e9, le d\'e9filement se poursuit m\'eame si vous avez retir\'e9 vos doigts de la surface de TouchPad. Pour utiliser cette fonctionnalit\'e9, d\'e9placez, puis soulevez vos doigts en un seul geste fluide. Pour arr\'eater le mouvement de glissement, reposez vos doigts sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Rotation en pivot \b0\par
Le geste Rotation en pivot permet de faire tourner des objets tels qu'une photo, un fichier PDF ou tout autre objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer rotation en pivot.\b0\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter un geste de rotation en pivot :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur le coin inf\'e9rieur gauche de TouchPad, et ne le faites pas bouger.\par
2.\tab Posez un autre doigt pr\'e8s du milieu de TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser le deuxi\'e8me doigt en effectuant un geste circulaire autour du premier doigt. Assurez-vous que l'espace entre les deux doigts reste identique pendant le geste circulaire. Faites glisser dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire pour faire tourner l'objet dans la direction voulue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Pivot dans coin droit \b0\par
Pour utiliser la fonctionnalit\'e9 de rotation avec pivot dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit de TouchPad, activez la case \b Pivot dans coin droit\b0 . L'utilisation du coin droit de TouchPad peut\~\'eatre plus confortable lorsque vous ex\'e9cutez ce geste de la main gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
Le geste ChiralRotate\'99 fait tourner l'objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case Activer ChiralRotate. Le geste ChiralRotate fonctionne uniquement avec les applications prises en charge.\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter le geste ChiralRotate :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur la zone \'ab cible \'bb dans la partie gauche de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers le bas ou le haut et amorcez un geste circulaire. Pour faire tourner l'objet dans le sens horaire, d\'e9placez votre doigt en effectuant des cercles dans le sens des aiguilles d'une montre. Pour faire tourner l'objet dans le sens anti-horaire, d\'e9placez votre doigt en effectuant des cercles dans le sens contraire des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
3.\tab Enlevez votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad en le soulevant pour revenir au mode Pointage.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b D\'e9sactiver TouchPad \b0\par
\par
Si vous ne souhaitez pas utiliser TouchPad, vous pouvez le d\'e9sactiver. Posez un doigt dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche de TouchPad et laissez-le immobile un instant. TouchPad est d\'e9sactiv\'e9. L'ic\'f4ne TouchPad de la barre des t\'e2ches change pour indiquer que TouchPad n'est pas disponible.\par
\par
Pour r\'e9tablir TouchPad, touchez \'e0 nouveau le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche. L'ic\'f4ne de la barre des t\'e2ches revient \'e0 l'\'e9tat activ\'e9.\par
\par
Pour sp\'e9cifier la p\'e9riode de d\'e9sactivation de TouchPad, s\'e9lectionnez l'option voulue.\par
\par
L'option \b D\'e9sactiver TouchPad\b0  permet de d\'e9sactiver TouchPad jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous le touchiez dans son coin sup\'e9rieur gauche.\par
\b L'option D\'e9sactiver TouchPad pour une session\b0  d\'e9sactive TouchPad pendant une session de connexion. TouchPad est r\'e9tabli de fa\'e7on automatique lorsque vous ouvrez \'e0 nouveau la session.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide \'e0 deux doigts \b0\par
\par
Le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 deux doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 2 doigts pour parcourir Internet ou parcourir les photos dans la fen\'eatre d'un lecteur de photos. Vous pouvez \'e9galement utiliser ce geste pour lancer ou arr\'eater le mode diaporama.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide \'e0 2 doigts.\b0\par
\par
Pour utiliser ce geste navigation lors de la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez deux doigts l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fates glisser rapidement vos doigts en un mouvement lin\'e9aire continu dans la direction voulue, en passant d'un c\'f4t\'e9 du TouchPad \'e0 l'autre.\par
3.\tab Mouvement horizontal des doigts : faites glisser vos doigts vers la droite ou la gauche pour avancer ou reculer au sein d'un lecteur de photos ou dans une fen\'eatre Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 2 doigts pour le mode diaporama, faites glisser vos doigts \'e0 la verticale. Faites glisser vos doigts vers le haut pour lancer le mode Diaporama. Faites glisser vos doigts vers le bas pour quitter le mode Diaporama.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide \'e0 2 doigts \b0\par
\par
Le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 deux doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 2 doigts pour parcourir Internet ou parcourir les photos dans la fen\'eatre d'un lecteur de photos.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide horizontal \'e0 2 doigts.\b0\par
\par
Pour utiliser ce geste navigation lors de la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez deux doigts l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser rapidement vos doigts en un mouvement horizontal et droit continu dans la direction voulue, en passant d'un c\'f4t\'e9 du TouchPad \'e0 l'autre.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers la droite ou la gauche pour avancer ou reculer au sein d'un lecteur de photos ou dans une fen\'eatre Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide \'e0 2 doigts \b0\par
\par
Le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 deux doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser ce geste pour lancer ou arr\'eater le mode diaporama.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide vertical \'e0 2 doigts.\b0\par
\par
Pour utiliser ce geste navigation lors de la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez deux doigts l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts \'e0 la verticale en un geste droit et continu dans la direction voulue.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers le haut pour lancer le mode diaporama ou vers le bas pour le quitter.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide horizontal \'e0 3 doigts \b0\par
\par
Le geste Glissement rapide horizontal \'e0 trois doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Utilisez le geste Glissement rapide horizontal \'e0 3 doigts pour parcourir Internet ou parcourir les photos dans la fen\'eatre d'un lecteur de photos.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide horizontal \'e0 3 doigts\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser le geste Glissement rapide horizontal \'e0 3 doigts pour la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez trois doigts l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser rapidement vos doigts en un mouvement horizontal et droit continu dans la direction voulue, en passant d'un c\'f4t\'e9 du TouchPad \'e0 l'autre.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers la droite ou la gauche pour avancer ou reculer au sein d'un lecteur de photos ou dans une fen\'eatre Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide vertical \'e0 3 doigts \b0\par
\par
Le geste Glissement rapide vertical \'e0 trois doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser ce geste pour activer ou d\'e9sactiver le mode diaporama.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide vertical \'e0 3 doigts\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser le geste Glissement rapide vertical \'e0 3 doigts pour la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez trois doigts l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts \'e0 la verticale en un geste droit et continu dans la direction voulue.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers le haut pour lancer le mode diaporama ou vers le bas pour le quitter.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement circulaire \b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 D\'e9filement circulaire permet de b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un d\'e9filement continu en effectuant un mouvement unique, r\'e9gulier et circulaire. La vitesse de d\'e9filement d\'e9pend de la vitesse du doigt.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer le d\'e9filement circulaire\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser le d\'e9filement circulaire :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur la zone \i cible\i0 . Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le haut ou le bas, la zone cible correspond au c\'f4t\'e9 droit de TouchPad. Pour faire d\'e9filer vers la gauche ou la droite, la zone cible correspond au bord inf\'e9rieur de TouchPad.\par
\par
2.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt dans le sens du d\'e9filement, puis effectuez des cercles dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire avec votre doigt. Lorsque le d\'e9filement circulaire est activ\'e9, votre doigt peut errer sur la surface de TouchPad tout en effectuant un mouvement circulaire.\par
\pard\tx180\par
REMARQUE : Pour changer la direction du d\'e9filement, inversez simplement la direction du mouvement du doigt. Vous proc\'e9dez alors au d\'e9filement dans le sens oppos\'e9.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement et revenir au mode Pointage, soulevez votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b D\'e9filement auto\b0  permet de parcourir facilement les documents longs avec un seul geste du doigt. Le d\'e9filement se poursuit m\'eame si vous avez retir\'e9 votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad.\par
\par
Pour appliquer le d\'e9filement automatique :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser un doigt, le long de la zone de d\'e9filement de TouchPad, dans le sens du d\'e9filement. Pour faire d\'e9filer le document vers le haut ou le bas, la zone de d\'e9filement correspond au bord droit. Pour faire d\'e9filer le document vers la gauche ou la droite, la zone de d\'e9filement correspond au bord inf\'e9rieur.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si le d\'e9filement automatique ne fonctionne pas, v\'e9rifiez les param\'e8tres de la section relative \'e0 la \b zone de d\'e9filement\b0 . En cas de probl\'e8mes lors du d\'e9filement automatique, assurez-vous que la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9 peut d\'e9filer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de type \b Rotation\b0  permettent de contr\'f4le les photos et d'autres objets au moyen de gestes pratiques.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Geste Mes favoris \b0\par
Le geste Mes favoris fournit un raccourci permettant de lancer une ou plusieurs applications.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer le geste Mes favoris\b0 . Pour s\'e9lectionner les applications \'e0 lancer, cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0 .\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter ce geste :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez trois doigts sur la surface de TouchPad. Assurez-vous que les doigts sont l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s.\par
2.\tab Restez immobile pendant le lancement de la ou des applications.\par
3.\tab Enlevez vos doigts de la surface de TouchPad en les soulevant.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide \b0\par
Le geste Glissement rapide facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Glissement rapide pour parcourir Internet ou parcourir les photos dans la fen\'eatre d'un lecteur de photos. Vous pouvez \'e9galement utiliser ce geste pour activer ou d\'e9sactiver le mode diaporama.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer glissement rapide\b0 .\par
\par
Pour utiliser ce geste navigation lors de la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez trois doigts sur la surface de TouchPad. Assurez-vous que les doigts sont l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s\par
2.\tab Fates glisser rapidement vos doigts en un mouvement lin\'e9aire continu dans la direction voulue, en passant d'un c\'f4t\'e9 du TouchPad \'e0 l'autre.\par
3.\tab Mouvement horizontal des doigts : faites glisser vos doigts vers la droite ou la gauche pour avancer ou reculer au sein d'un lecteur de photos ou dans une fen\'eatre Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Pour utiliser ce geste lors de la navigation :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers le haut pour activer le mode Diaporama.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers le bas pour quitter le mode Diaporama.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Geste Bureau \b0\par
Le geste Bureau permet de nettoyer le bureau en r\'e9duisant toutes les fen\'eatres ouvertes. La r\'e9p\'e9tition de ce geste r\'e9tablit les fen\'eatres.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer le geste Bureau\b0 .\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter le geste Bureau :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placez le \i talon \i0 de votre pouce sur la surface de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Attendez que toutes les fen\'eatres de bureau aient \'e9t\'e9 r\'e9duites ou restaur\'e9es avant de bouger votre main.\par
3.\tab Enlevez votre main de la surface de TouchPad en la soulevant.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zone Zoom \b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 Zone zoom permet d'utiliser le bord gauche du Touchpad pour grossir ou r\'e9duire un \'e9l\'e9ment de la fen\'eatre active. Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 est comparable \'e0 celle d'une molette de d\'e9filement sur les applications Windows standard qui prennent en charge CTRL-MOLETTE.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer la zone de zoom\b0 .\par
\par
\b Pour grossir un \'e9l\'e9ment :\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placez un doigt sur le Touchpad, pr\'e8s du coin inf\'e9rieur gauche.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser ce doigt vers le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche.\par
3.\tab R\'e9p\'e9tez cette op\'e9ration jusqu'\'e0 ce que le taux de grossissement voulu soit atteint.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Pour r\'e9duire un \'e9l\'e9ment\b0  :\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placez un doigt sur le Touchpad, pr\'e8s du coin sup\'e9rieur gauche.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser ce doigt vers le coin inf\'e9rieur gauche.\par
3.\tab R\'e9p\'e9tez cette op\'e9ration jusqu'\'e0 ce que le taux de grossissement voulu soit atteint.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b TouchCheck \b0\'e9vite d'activer le TouchPad de fa\'e7on accidentelle. TouchCheck permet au TouchPad de d\'e9tecter la pr\'e9sence de votre paume, qu'elle soit statique ou en mouvement, lorsque vous saisissez du texte. Ceci permet d'\'e9viter les mouvements de pointeur ou les clics involontaires.\par
\par
Si le TouchPad d\'e9place le curseur de fa\'e7on al\'e9atoire ou effectue des clics ind\'e9sirables, augmentez la valeur du param\'e8tre TouchCheck en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la droite, vers \b Maximum\b0 . Si le TouchPad le d\'e9tecte pas les mouvements ou les appuis, r\'e9duisez la valeur TouchCheck en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la gauche, vers \b Minimum\b0 . Vous subirez davantage de mouvements ou d'appuis non reconnus lorsque le curseur est dans la zone rouge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Rotation \b0\par
Le geste Rotation en permet de faire tourner des objets tels qu'une photo, un fichier PDF ou tout autre objet s\'e9lectionn\'e9 par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s.\par
\par
Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer rotation en.\b0\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter un geste de rotation en\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur le coin inf\'e9rieur gauche de TouchPad, et ne le faites pas bouger.\par
2.\tab Posez un autre doigt pr\'e8s du milieu de TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser le deuxi\'e8me doigt en effectuant un geste circulaire autour du premier doigt. Assurez-vous que l'espace entre les deux doigts reste identique pendant le geste circulaire. Faites glisser dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire pour faire tourner l'objet dans la direction voulue.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Rotation coin droit \b0\par
Pour utiliser la fonctionnalit\'e9 de rotation avec dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit de TouchPad, activez la case \b Rotation coin droit\b0 . L'utilisation du coin droit de TouchPad peut\~\'eatre plus confortable lorsque vous ex\'e9cutez ce geste de la main gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Vitesse de zoom\b0\par
La glissi\'e8re Vitesse de zoom conditionne la vitesse de r\'e9action des zooms lors du d\'e9placement du doigt dans la zone correspondante.\par
\par
Pour obtenir un zoom plus lent, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers \b Lent\b0 .\par
Pour b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un zoom plus rapide, d\'e9placez la glissi\'e8re vers \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickZone ex\'e9cute les m\'eames fonctions que les boutons de la souris. Le ClickPad comporte deux emplacements ClickZone le long de son bord inf\'e9rieur. Le fait d'appuyer sur un emplacement ClickZone revient \'e0 cliquer avec le bouton droit ou gauche de la souris. Pour utiliser les emplacements ClickZone, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer ClickZone\b0 .\par
\par
Si vous n'activez pas la fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickZone, vous devez s\'e9lectionner \b Appui\b0  ou utiliser une souris externe pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire.\par
\par
L'emplacement ClickZone de gauche correspond \'e0 un clic principal. L'emplacement ClickZone de droite correspond \'e0 un clic secondaire. Pour modifier ces param\'e8tres, s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic gauche\b0  ou \b Clic droit\b0  et configurez le logiciel en cons\'e9quence.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickZone ex\'e9cute les m\'eames fonctions que les boutons de la souris. Le ClickPad comporte trois sections ClickZone sur son bord inf\'e9rieur : gauche, milieu et droite. Le fait d'appuyer sur un emplacement ClickZone revient \'e0 cliquer sur un bouton. Pour utiliser les emplacements ClickZone, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer ClickZone\b0 .\par
\par
Si vous n'activez pas la fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickZone, vous devez s\'e9lectionner \b Appui\b0  ou utiliser une souris externe pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire.\par
\par
L'emplacement ClickZone de gauche correspond \'e0 un clic principal. L'emplacement ClickZone de droite correspond \'e0 un clic secondaire. L'emplacement ClickZone du milieu reprend les fonctions d'un bouton interm\'e9diaire. Pour modifier ces param\'e8tres, s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic gauche\b0 ou \b Clic interm\'e9diaire\b0 ou \b Clic droit\b0  et configurez le logiciel en cons\'e9quence.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'emplacement ClickZone de gauche.\par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche.\par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'emplacement ClickZone interm\'e9diaire.\par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche.\par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'emplacement ClickZone de droite.\par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche.\par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickZone ex\'e9cute les m\'eames fonctions que les boutons de la souris. Le ClickPad comporte deux emplacements ClickZone le long de son bord inf\'e9rieur. Le fait d'appuyer sur un emplacement ClickZone revient \'e0 cliquer avec le bouton droit ou gauche de la souris. Pour utiliser les emplacements ClickZone, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer ClickZone\b0 .\par
\par
Si vous n'avez pas activ\'e9 les sections ClickZone, vous pouvez activer les boutons de la souris pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire. Si vous n'activez pas les sections ClickZone ou les boutons de la souris, vous devez activer l'option \b Zones d'appui\b0  (dans l'arborescence du menu \b Appui\b0 ) ou utiliser une souris externe pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire.\par
\par
L'emplacement ClickZone de gauche et le bouton physique correspondent au clic principal. L'emplacement ClickZone de droite et le bouton physique correspondent au clic secondaire. Pour modifier ces param\'e8tres, s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic gauche\b0  ou \b Clic droit\b0  et configurez le logiciel en cons\'e9quence.\par
\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  pour voir comment utiliser les sections ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickZone ex\'e9cute les m\'eames fonctions que les boutons de la souris. Le ClickPad comporte trois sections ClickZone sur son bord inf\'e9rieur : gauche, milieu et droite. Le fait d'appuyer sur une section ClickZone revient \'e0 cliquer du bouton gauche, interm\'e9diaire ou droit. Pour utiliser les emplacements ClickZone, s\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer ClickZone\b0 .\par
\par
Si vous n'avez pas activ\'e9 les sections ClickZone, vous pouvez activer les boutons de la souris pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire. Si vous n'activez pas les sections ClickZone ou les boutons de la souris, vous devez activer l'option \b Zones d'appui\b0 (dans l'arborescence du menu \b Appui\b0 ) ou utiliser une souris externe pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire.\par
\par
L'emplacement ClickZone de gauche et le bouton correspondent au clic principal. L'emplacement ClickZone de droite et le bouton correspondent au clic secondaire. Pour modifier ces param\'e8tres, s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic gauche\b0  ou \b Clic droit\b0  et configurez le logiciel en cons\'e9quence.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'emplacement ClickZone de gauche. L'option que vous s\'e9lectionnez pour l'emplacement ClickZone de gauche est associ\'e9e automatiquement au bouton gauche. Par exemple, si vous devez permuter les actions des sections ClickZone de gauche et de droite, vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner \b Clic secondaire\b0 . Vous devez modifier l'action de l'emplacement ClickZone de droite de fa\'e7on \'e0 effectuer un \b Clic principal\b0  et proc\'e9der \'e0 la modification.\par
\par
La plupart des actions ne n\'e9cessitent aucune configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton Configurer devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration s'affiche. Cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  pour voir comment l'emplacement ClickZone gauche peut \'eatre utilis\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'emplacement ClickZone interm\'e9diaire. L'option que vos s\'e9lectionnez pour l'emplacement ClickZone interm\'e9diaire est affect\'e9e de fa\'e7on automatique au bouton interm\'e9diaire de la souris (si cette derni\'e8re en est \'e9quip\'e9e). Par exemple, si vous s\'e9lectionnez \b Activer le bouton D\'e9marrer\b0 , le clic interm\'e9diaire force le pointeur \'e0 passer sur le bouton \b D\'e9marrer\b0  dans la barre des t\'e2ches de Windows et ouvre de fa\'e7on automatique le menu \b D\'e9marrer\b0 .\par
\par
La plupart des actions ne n\'e9cessitent aucune configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration s'affiche. Cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
Cliquez sur le bouton Voir vid\'e9o pour voir comment l'emplacement ClickZone interm\'e9diaire peut \'eatre utilis\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
Vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'emplacement ClickZone de droite. L'option que vous s\'e9lectionnez pour l'emplacement ClickZone de droite est associ\'e9e automatiquement au bouton droit de la souris. Par exemple, si vous devez permuter les actions des sections ClickZone de gauche et de droite, vous pouvez s\'e9lectionner \b Clic principal\b0 . Vous devez modifier l'action de l'emplacement ClickZone de gauche de fa\'e7on \'e0 effectuer un \b Clic secondaire\b0  et proc\'e9der \'e0 la modification.\par
\par
La plupart des actions ne n\'e9cessitent aucune configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue de configuration s'affiche. Cliquez sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  pour voir comment l'emplacement ClickZone droite peut \'eatre utilis\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickButton transforme l'ensemble de la surface de ClickPad en un gros bouton \'ab\~ virtuel\~ \'bb. Vous pouvez appuyer sur le ClickPad pour effectuer un clic principal, secondaire ou interm\'e9diaire. S\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer ClickButton\b0  pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9.\par
\par
Le fait d'appuyer avec un seul doigt correspond \'e0 un clic principal. Le fait d'appuyer avec deux doigts effectue un clic secondaire. Le fait d'appuyer avec trois doigts effectue un clic interm\'e9diaire. Pour modifier ces param\'e8tres, s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic \'e0 1 doigt\b0 ou \b Clic \'e0 2 doigts\b0 ou \b Clic \'e0 3 doigts\b0  et configurez le logiciel en cons\'e9quence.\par
\par
Si vous n'activez pas la fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickButton, vous devez s\'e9lectionner \b Appui\b0  ou utiliser une souris externe pour effectuer un clic principal, secondaire ou interm\'e9diaire.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un clic \'e0 1 doigt, appuyez avec un doigt sur la surface de ClickPad jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous la sentiez s'enfoncer. Par d\'e9faut, le clic \'e0 un doigt correspond au clic principal. \par
\par
Si vous souhaitez modifier le param\'e8tre par d\'e9faut, s\'e9lectionnez une autre option dans la liste. \par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche. \par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un clic \'e0 2 doigts, appuyez avec deux doigts sur la surface de ClickPad jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous la sentiez s'enfoncer. Par d\'e9faut, le clic \'e0 deux doigts correspond au clic secondaire sur une souris. \par
\par
Si vous souhaitez modifier le param\'e8tre par d\'e9faut, s\'e9lectionnez une autre option dans la liste. \par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche. \par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un clic \'e0 3 doigts, appuyez avec trois doigts sur la surface de ClickPad jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous la sentiez s'enfoncer. Par d\'e9faut, le clic \'e0 trois doigts correspond au clic avec le bouton interm\'e9diaire sur une souris. \par
\par
Si vous souhaitez modifier le param\'e8tre par d\'e9faut, s\'e9lectionnez une autre option dans la liste. \par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche. \par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 ClickButton transforme l'ensemble de la surface de ClickPad en un gros bouton \'ab\~ virtuel\~ \'bb. Vous pouvez appuyer o\'f9 vous le souhaitez pour effectuer un clic principal, secondaire ou interm\'e9diaire. S\'e9lectionnez l'option \b Activer ClickButton\b0  pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9.\par
\par
Le fait d'appuyer avec un seul doigt correspond \'e0 un clic principal. Le fait d'appuyer avec deux doigts effectue un clic secondaire. Le fait d'appuyer avec trois doigts effectue un clic interm\'e9diaire. Pour modifier ces param\'e8tres, s\'e9lectionnez \b Clic \'e0 1 doigt\b0 ou \b Clic \'e0 2 doigts\b0 ou \b Clic \'e0 3 doigts\b0  et configurez le logiciel en cons\'e9quence.\par
\par
Si vous n'avez pas activ\'e9 les sections ClickButton, vous pouvez activer les boutons de la souris pour effectuer un clic principal ou secondaire. Si vous n'activez pas les sections ClickButton ou les boutons de la souris, vous devez activer l'option \b Zones d'appui\b0  (dans l'arborescence du menu \b Appui\b0 ) ou utiliser une souris externe pour effectuer un clic principal, secondaire ou interm\'e9diaire.\par
\par
Pour modifier les param\'e8tres de vos boutons, s\'e9lectionnez \b Boutons physiques\b0  dans l'arborescence de menus et configurez les options \b Clic gauche\b0  et \b Clic droit\b0  en fonction des besoins.\par
\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  pour voir comment utiliser les sections ClickButton.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
Le geste TwistRotate permet de faire pivoter des \'e9l\'e9ments tels que des photos, des fichiers PDF ou tout autre \'e9l\'e9ment du m\'eame type. Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, activez la case \b Activer TwistRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\b Pour effectuer un geste TwistRotate : \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez l'objet \'e0 faire pivoter.\par
2.\tab Posez deux doigts sur TouchPad. Il doit y avoir un l\'e9ger \'e9cart entre vos doigts.\par
3.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts dans le sens des aiguilles d'une montre ou dans le sens inverse. Ce mouvement est semblable \'e0 la rotation d'un cadran.\par
4.\tab R\'e9p\'e9tez le mouvement de rotation en fonction des besoins.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 Cliquer et faire glisser permet d'utiliser les sections ClickZone pour d\'e9placer des objets.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez l'objet \'e0 d\'e9placer avec votre curseur.\par
2.\tab Appuyez sur l'emplacement ClickZone servant \'e0 effectuer un clic principal. Par d\'e9faut, il s'agit de l'emplacement ClickZone de gauche.\par
3.\tab Maintenez enfonc\'e9 l'emplacement ClickZone et, avec un autre doigt, faites glisser l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 vers l'emplacement voulu.\par
4.\tab Soulevez le doigt reposant sur la ClickZone lorsque vous souhaitez d\'e9poser l'\'e9l\'e9ment d\'e9plac\'e9.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Si vous avez des difficult\'e9 \'e0 effectuer le geste Cliquer et faire glisser, assurez-vous que les sections ClickZone sont activ\'e9es et assurez-vous que vous appuyez sur la ClickZone qui est configur\'e9e pour effectuer un clic principal.\par
\par
S\'e9lectionnez \b Boutons et ClickZone\b0  dans l'arborescence de menus pour v\'e9rifier les param\'e8tres ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Vous pouvez ex\'e9cuter l'op\'e9ration Cliquer et faire glisser avec un seul doigt, de fa\'e7on \'e0 d\'e9placer un \'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9. Vous pouvez cliquer et faire glisser avec deux doigts pour effectuer l'\'e9quivalent d'un clic droit et d'un glisser/d\'e9poser avec une souris.\par
\par
\b Pour effectuer le geste Cliquer et faire glisser avec un seul doigt\~ :\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez l'objet \'e0 d\'e9placer avec votre curseur.\par
2.\tab Appuyez sur le ClickPad avec un doigt.\par
3.\tab Maintenez le ClickPad enfonc\'e9 tout en faisant glisser l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 vers l'emplacement voulu.\par
4.\tab Soulevez le doigt reposant sur le ClickPad lorsque vous souhaitez d\'e9poser l'\'e9l\'e9ment d\'e9plac\'e9.\par
\par
\b Pour effectuer le geste Cliquer et faire glisser avec deux doigts\~ :\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez l'objet \'e0 d\'e9placer avec votre curseur. \par
2.\tab Appuyez avec deux doigts sur le ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Maintenez le ClickPad enfonc\'e9 tout en faisant glisser l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 vers l'emplacement voulu.\par
4.\tab Soulevez les doigts reposant sur le ClickPad lorsque vous souhaitez d\'e9poser l'\'e9l\'e9ment d\'e9plac\'e9.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Le curseur de \b Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher\b0  permet de r\'e9gler la pression \'e0 appliquer avant d'obtenir une r\'e9ponse de Scroll Pad.\par
\par
Si votre Scroll Pad r\'e9pond de fa\'e7on erratique ou si vous travaillez dans une zone tr\'e8s humide, r\'e9duisez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la droite.\par
\par
Si vous devez appuyer trop fort pour utiliser le Scroll Pad, augmentez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Les param\'e8tres de type \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0  permettent de personnaliser la fa\'e7on dont Scroll Pad r\'e9agit \'e0 vos pressions. Pour r\'e9gler les param\'e8tres de sensibilit\'e9, s\'e9lectionnez un \'e9l\'e9ment dans l'arborescence \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 \'e9vite d'activer le Scroll Pad de fa\'e7on accidentelle. PalmCheck permet au Scroll Pad de d\'e9tecter la pr\'e9sence de votre paume, qu'elle soit statique ou en mouvement, lorsque vous saisissez du texte. Ceci permet d'\'e9viter tout d\'e9filement involontaire.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
La case \'e0 cocher \b Activer bouton\b0  permet d'activer le bouton du p\'e9riph\'e9rique. Pour configurer l'action effectu\'e9e lorsque vous appuyez sur ce bouton, s\'e9lectionnez son nom dans l'arborescence.\par
\par
Lorsque l'option \b Activer bouton\b0  n'est pas s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le bouton n'est pas activ\'e9 et reste sans effet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action dans la liste ci-dessus pour l'associer au bouton s\'e9lectionn\'e9. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e se produit lorsque vous appuyez sur ce bouton.\par
\par
Ce bouton doit \'eatre activ\'e9 pour \'eatre associ\'e9 \'e0 une action. Pour activer un bouton, proc\'e9der de la fa\'e7on suivante\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab S\'e9lectionnez \b Bouton\b0  dans l'arborescence de menus \'e0 gauche.\par
2.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer bouton\b0 .\par
3.\tab S\'e9lectionnez le bouton dans l'arborescence \b Bouton\b0  pour revenir \'e0 cette page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Ces options permettent de sp\'e9cifier la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment \'e0 faire d\'e9filer lorsque l'option D\'e9filement est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Certaines applications permettent de sp\'e9cifier le degr\'e9 de rotation. L'option que vous s\'e9lectionnez dans le champ \b Activer rotation\b0  s'applique \'e0 condition d'\'eatre prise en charge par l'application.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Cliquez sur le bouton \b Voir vid\'e9o\b0  pour voir comment ex\'e9cuter ce geste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
Lorsque l'option Activer le filtrage des appuis sur bord est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, tout appui accidentel sur les bords de TouchPad est ignor\'e9.\par
\par
Le bord est d\'e9limit\'e9 par la zone hachur\'e9e repr\'e9sent\'e9e ci-dessus. Vous pouvez redimensionner cette zone en faisant glisser les poign\'e9es noires. Le mouvement du pointeur, la s\'e9lection de la zone, la zone de d\'e9filement et le geste en lui-m\'eame ne sont pas affect\'e9s par ce param\'e8tre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 Zone de d\'e9part permet de r\'e9duire les mouvements de pointeurs non voulus et la s\'e9lection de zones.\par
\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, votre doigt doit toucher le TouchPad dans la zone de d\'e9part pour d\'e9placer le pointeur ou s\'e9lectionner une zone. Si le mouvement du pointeur ou la s\'e9lection de la zone se fait apr\'e8s avoir touch\'e9 une zone en dehors de la zone de d\'e9part, le contact est ignor\'e9. Tant que le mouvement du pointeur ou la s\'e9lection de la zone commence \'e0 partir de la zone de d\'e9part, les zones du TouchPad qui sont en dehors de la zone de d\'e9part fonctionnent normalement jusqu'\'e0 ce que la zone de d\'e9part soit r\'e9initialis\'e9e. En r\'e9glant le curseur ci-dessus, vous pouvez sp\'e9cifier la fa\'e7on dont la zone de d\'e9part sera r\'e9initialis\'e9e en l'absence de contact sur la tablette tactile. Les appuis, les zones de d\'e9filement et les gestes ne sont pas affect\'e9s par l'option Zone de d\'e9part.\par
\par
Pour de meilleurs r\'e9sultats, activez la fonctionnalit\'e9 PalmCheck en compl\'e9ment.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Le curseur de \b Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher\b0  permet de r\'e9gler la pression \'e0 appliquer avant d'obtenir une r\'e9ponse de Scroll Sensor.\par
\par
Si votre Scroll Sensor r\'e9pond de fa\'e7on erratique ou si vous travaillez dans une zone tr\'e8s humide, r\'e9duisez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la droite.\par
\par
Si vous devez appuyer trop fort pour utiliser le Scroll Sensor, augmentez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Les param\'e8tres de type \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0  permettent de personnaliser la fa\'e7on dont Scroll Sensor r\'e9agit \'e0 vos pressions. Pour r\'e9gler les param\'e8tres de sensibilit\'e9, s\'e9lectionnez un \'e9l\'e9ment dans l'arborescence \b Sensibilit\'e9\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
Lorsque l'option Double appui \'e0 2 doigts est activ\'e9e, vous pouvez appuyer avec deux doigts sur TouchPad pour lancer l'application de votre choix. (Assurez-vous que les doigts sont l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s.) Cliquez sur Configurer pour s\'e9lectionner l'application avec laquelle ce geste doit \'eatre lanc\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
La zone de d\'e9part est d\'e9limit\'e9e par la zone hachur\'e9e repr\'e9sent\'e9e ci-dessus. Vous pouvez redimensionner cette zone en faisant glisser les poign\'e9es noires. \par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Qu'est-ce que ClickPad\~ ?\b0\par
\par
Le p\'e9riph\'e9rique Synaptics ClickPad\'99 est similaire \'e0 un Synaptics TouchPad\'99. Le ClickPad permet de faire d\'e9filer, de pointer et de s\'e9lectionner quelque chose de la m\'eame fa\'e7on que le TouchPad.\par
\par
Le ClickPad descend l\'e9g\'e8rement lorsque vous appuyez dessus. Le fait d'appuyer sur le ClickPad apporte la m\'eame sensation qu'un bouton de souris. Ceci permet fait du ClickPad une solution id\'e9ale pour remplacer les boutons de la souris.\par
\par
Le ClickPad dispose d'au moins l'une des deux fonctionnalit\'e9s suivantes\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButton\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZone\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e9lectionnez une fonctionnalit\'e9 dans le menu de gauche pour en savoir plus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Mode Loupe\b0\par
Lorsque l'option de grossissement est activ\'e9e, le pointeur se transforme en loupe et permet d'agrandir une partie de l'\'e9cran. Entrez la taille de grossissement (entre 100 et 400 pixels dans chaque direction), ainsi que le niveau de grossissement par d\'e9faut.\par
\par
\b Pour activer et utiliser le mode Loupe\~ :\b0\par
Posez un doigt sur le TouchPad et appuyez deux fois avec un autre doigt. Un rectangle (loupe) s'affiche.\par
\par
Lorsque le mode Loupe est actif, vous pouvez d\'e9placer la loupe de la m\'eame fa\'e7on qu'un pointeur pour changer de position. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Pincer pour augmenter ou r\'e9duire le niveau de grossissement.\par
\par
\b Pour quitter le mode Loupe\~ :\b0\par
Cliquez avec le bouton gauche de la souris, appuyez sur le TouchPad ou appuyez sur la touche \'c9chap du clavier pour r\'e9tablir le pointeur standard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Appui simple \'e0 deux doigts\b0\par
En activant l'appui simple \'e0 deux doigts, vous pouvez configurer le TouchPad de fa\'e7on \'e0 l'utiliser en tant que bouton lorsque vous appuyez dessus avec deux doigts. S\'e9lectionnez une action dans la liste pour l'associer \'e0 l'appui simple \'e0 deux doigts et la configurer si n\'e9cessaire.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Balayages verticaux \'e0 trois doigts\b0\par
Le balayage vertical \'e0 trois doigts offre des raccourcis vers le Poste de travail et Task Switcher. Pour activer le balayage \'e0 3 doigts vers le haut, cliquez sur la case \'e0 cocher \'ab\~ Poste de travail\~ \'bb. Pour activer le m\'eame geste vers le bas, cochez la case \'ab\~ Parcourir les fen\'eatres\~ \'bb.\par
\par
\b Balayage \'e0 3 doigts vers le haut :\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez 3 doigts (l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s) sur le bord inf\'e9rieur de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers le bord sup\'e9rieur de TouchPad.\par
3.\tab La fen\'eatre Poste de travail s'ouvre.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Balayage \'e0 3 doigts vers le bas\~ :\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez 3 doigts (l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s) pr\'e8s du bord sup\'e9rieur de TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser vos doigts vers le bas, vers le bord inf\'e9rieur du TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Enlevez vos doigts du TouchPad en les soulevant.\par
4.\tab L'application Task Switcher d\'e9marre.\par
5.\tab Proc\'e9dez \'e0 des balayages horizontaux \'e0 3 doigts vers la gauche ou la droite pour changer d'application.\par
6.\tab Lorsque l'application voulue est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, enlevez tous les doigts de la surface du TouchPad pour la s\'e9lectionner.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 a \'e9t\'e9 con\'e7ue pour simplifier les mouvements du pointeur sur de longues distances. Lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord de TouchPad, le pointeur poursuit sa course dans la m\'eame direction jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous leviez votre doigt.\par
\par
Pour activer EdgeMotion, assurez-vous que l'appui est activ\'e9, puis s\'e9lectionnez les options EdgeMotion voulues. \par
\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement prennent \'e9galement en charge EdgeMotion. Pour utiliser EdgeMotion pendant le d\'e9filement, s\'e9lectionnez les options de d\'e9filement voulues.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 \b Zone de d\'e9sactivation de TouchPad\b0  permet d'activer ou d\'e9sactiver le TouchPad en appuyant deux fois dans son coin.\par
Si le TouchPad est activ\'e9, appuyez deux fois dans son coin pour l'activer. Si le TouchPad est d\'e9sactiv\'e9, appuyez deux fois dans son coin pour le d\'e9sactiver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Cochez cette case pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9 en cas de double appui. Retirez la marque de cette case pour ne plus utiliser le double appui comme moyen de d\'e9sactivation.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement vertical et horizontal.\par
Faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou le bas sur le TouchPad pour d\'e9placer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 ou la fen\'eatre \'e0 la verticale.\par
Faites glisser votre doigt vers la gauche ou la droite sur le TouchPad pour d\'e9placer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 ou la fen\'eatre \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement vertical et horizontal.\par
Faites glisser deux doigts vers le haut ou le bas sur le TouchPad pour d\'e9placer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 ou la fen\'eatre \'e0 la verticale.\par
Faites glisser deux doigts vers la gauche ou la droite sur le TouchPad pour d\'e9placer l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 ou la fen\'eatre \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
Lorsque l'option Double appui \'e0 2 doigts est activ\'e9e, vous pouvez appuyer avec deux doigts sur TouchPad\'99 pour lancer l'application de votre choix. (Assurez-vous que les doigts sont l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s.) Cliquez sur Configurer pour s\'e9lectionner l'application avec laquelle ce geste doit \'eatre lanc\'e9.\par
\par
Pour activer le double appui \'e0 2 doigts\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Assurez-vous que l'option \b Activer appui\b0  est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e sur la page \b Appui\b0 .\par
2.\tab Cochez la case \b Activer le double appui \'e0 2 doigts\b0  au-dessus.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b D\'e9sactiver TouchPad\b0\'99\par
Si vous ne souhaitez pas utiliser TouchPad\'99, vous pouvez le d\'e9sactiver. Appuyez deux fois sur le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche de TouchPad\'99. L'ic\'f4ne TouchPad\'99 de la barre des t\'e2ches change pour indiquer que TouchPad\'99 n'est pas disponible.\par
Pour r\'e9tablir TouchPad\'99, appuyez \'e0 nouveau deux fois sur le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche. L'ic\'f4ne de la barre des t\'e2ches revient \'e0 l'\'e9tat activ\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
L'option \b D\'e9sactiver TouchPad\'99\b0  permet de d\'e9sactiver TouchPad\'99 jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous r\'e9tablissiez son utilisation en effectuant un double appui dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
L'option \b D\'e9sactiver TouchPad\'99 pour une session\b0  d\'e9sactive le TouchPad\'99 pour le reste de la session en cours. TouchPad\'99 est r\'e9tabli de fa\'e7on automatique lorsque vous ouvrez \'e0 nouveau la session.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e9\b0\par
Les param\'e8tres de type Sensibilit\'e9 permettent de personnaliser la fa\'e7on dont Scroll Sensor r\'e9agit \'e0 vos pressions.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement prennent \'e9galement en charge EdgeMotion\'99. Pour utiliser EdgeMotion\'99 pendant le d\'e9filement, s\'e9lectionnez \b Enable EdgeMotion\'99 when scrolling\b0  (Activer EdgeMotion\'99 pendant le d\'e9filement) dans la section \b D\'e9filement \'e0 un doigt\b0  ou \b D\'e9filement \'e0 deux doigts\b0  du menu \b D\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
Ce filtre permet de d\'e9terminer si la r\'e9gion de d\'e9filement \'e0 un doigt est utilis\'e9e de fa\'e7on intentionnelle. Si vous constatez un d\'e9clenchement accidentel du d\'e9filement, activez ce filtre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
Ce filtre permet de d\'e9terminer si vous effectuez de fa\'e7on intentionnelle les gestes Zoom avec pincement, D\'e9filement \'e0 deux doigts, Rotation et Application.\par
\par
La partie du TouchPad\'99 autorisant le geste est signal\'e9e par la zone en croix pr\'e9sent\'e9e ci-dessus. Vous pouvez redimensionner cette zone en faisant glisser les poign\'e9es noires de redimensionnement.\par
\par
Si un contact initial se produit en dehors de cette zone, le geste sera ignor\'e9. Si vous d\'e9clenchez de fa\'e7on accidentelle l'action Zoom avec pincement, D\'e9filement \'e0 deux doigts ou Rotation, activez ce filtre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b Gestes \'e0 plusieurs doigts\b0\par
Les gestes \'e0 plusieurs doigts constituent des raccourcis vers les applications ou les fonctions les plus utilis\'e9es. La r\'e9ponse de l'ordinateur \'e0 ces gestes peut d\'e9pendre de l'application. Cliquez sur la rubrique d'aide associ\'e9e aux diff\'e9rents gestes pour identifier leur fonction.
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement \'e0 2 doigts\b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 D\'e9filement \'e0 2 doigts permet de proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement \'e0 l'horizontale ou \'e0 la verticale \'e0 partir de tout emplacement de la surface de TouchPad\'99. Posez deux doigts sur TouchPad\'99 et faites-les glisser dans la direction voulue. ll n'est pas n\'e9cessaire d'\'eatre plac\'e9 dans une zone avec d\'e9filement pour effectuer un d\'e9filement.\par
\par
Regardez la vid\'e9o pour d\'e9couvrir comment utiliser le d\'e9filement \'e0 deux doigts. Assurez-vous que les doigts sont l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s. Soulevez les deux doigts pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement vertical\b0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement vertical. Faites glisser vos deux doigts vers le haut ou le bas de TouchPad\'99 pour faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \'e0 la verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Activer le d\'e9filement horizontal\b0\par
Activez cette case \'e0 cocher pour activer le d\'e9filement horizontal virtuel sur les fen\'eatres qui disposent de barres de d\'e9filement horizontales. Faites glisser votre doigt en va et vient le long du bord inf\'e9rieur de TouchPad\'99 pour faire d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment s\'e9lectionn\'e9 \'e0 l'horizontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Enable EdgeMotion\'99 when scrolling (Activer EdgeMotion\'99 pendant le d\'e9filement)\b0\par
Activez cette case si vous souhaitez poursuivre le d\'e9filement lorsque vos doigts atteignent le bord de TouchPad\'99. Pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement, soulevez vos doigts.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Activer le glissement\b0\par
Le glissement permet de faire d\'e9filer facilement de longs documents. S\'e9lectionnez cette case \'e0 cocher pour poursuivre le d\'e9filement apr\'e8s avoir retir\'e9 les doigts de la surface de TouchPad\'99. Pour utiliser cette fonctionnalit\'e9, d\'e9placez, puis soulevez vos doigts en un seul geste fluide. Pour arr\'eater le mouvement de glissement, reposez vos doigts sur la surface de TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Entra\'eenement\b0\par
Cliquez sur le bouton Entra\'eenement pour parcourir un labyrinthe simple, con\'e7u pour apprendre \'e0 utiliser le d\'e9filement.\par
\par
Avant de commencer, rep\'e9rez les points de d\'e9part et d'arriv\'e9e du labyrinthe. Vous ne pouvez pas voir l'ensemble du labyrinthe, car il est plus grand que la fen\'eatre qu'il occupe. Faites d\'e9filer le labyrinthe dans la fen\'eatre. Maintenez enfonc\'e9e la touche Ctrl et faites d\'e9filer la fen\'eatre pour redimensionner le labyrinthe.\par
\par
Un point jaune situ\'e9 dans le coin sup\'e9rieur gauche du labyrinthe marque son entr\'e9e. Un point bleu situ\'e9 dans la partie droite marque le point de sortie.\par
\par
Pour vous entra\'eener aux op\'e9rations de d\'e9filement\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Cliquez sur le carr\'e9 rouge du point jaune.\par
2.\tab Utilisez les touches fl\'e9ch\'e9es ou appuyez sur le TouchPad\'99 pour parcourir le labyrinthe.\par
3.\tab Utilisez l'une des m\'e9thodes de d\'e9filement pour d\'e9placer votre vue du labyrinthe.\par
4.\tab Fermez la fen\'eatre d'entra\'eenement apr\'e8s avoir atteint le point bleu sur la droite.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Zoom avec pincement\b0\par
Le geste Zoom avec pincement permet d'effectuer un zoom dans de nombreuses applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Zoom avec pincement pour simuler les fonctions d'une souris \'e0 roulette dans les applications Windows standard et prenant en charge la fonctionnalit\'e9 de zoom CTRL-roulette de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
Cochez la case Zoom avec pincement pour activer le geste de pincement pour le zoom. Regardez la vid\'e9o pour apprendre comment effectuer ce geste. Utilisez les bouts de vos doigts pour de meilleurs r\'e9sultats.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Vitesse de zoom\b0\par
La glissi\'e8re Vitesse de zoom contr\'f4le la vitesse de zoom de la fen\'eatre en r\'e9ponse au geste Zoom avec pincement.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Pour effectuer un zoom plus lent, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Lent\b0 .\par
Pour effectuer un zoom plus rapide, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Rapide\b0 .\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Activer rotation en pivot\b0\par
Lorsque cette case est coch\'e9e, vous pouvez faire pivoter un objet, tel qu'une photo, par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s.\par
\par
Regardez la vid\'e9o pour apprendre comment effectuer ce geste. Assurez-vous que l'espace entre les deux doigts reste identique pendant ce geste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Pivot dans coin droit\b0\par
Pour utiliser la fonctionnalit\'e9 de rotation avec pivot dans le coin inf\'e9rieur droit de TouchPad\'99, cochez la case Pivot dans coin droit. Ceci peut \'eatre plus confortable pour les gauchers.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Activer ChiralRotate\'99\b0\par
Cochez cette case pour employer le geste ChiralRotate\'99 pour faire pivoter les objets par incr\'e9ments de 90 degr\'e9s. Le geste ChiralRotate\'99 fonctionne uniquement avec les applications prises en charge.\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter le geste ChiralRotate\'99\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur la zone cible dans la partie inf\'e9rieure gauche de TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Faites glisser votre doigt vers le bas ou le haut et amorcez un geste circulaire. Pour faire tourner l'objet dans le sens horaire, d\'e9placez votre doigt en effectuant des cercles dans le sens des aiguilles d'une montre. Pour faire tourner l'objet dans le sens anti-horaire, d\'e9placez votre doigt en effectuant des cercles dans le sens contraire des aiguilles d'une montre.\par
3.\tab Enlevez votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad\'99 en le soulevant pour revenir au mode Pointage.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Appui \'e0 3 doigts\b0\par
Lorsque cette case est coch\'e9e, un appui \'e0 3 doigts permet de lancer une application sp\'e9cifique. Pour personnaliser la ou les applications \'e0 lancer, cliquez sur le bouton Param\'e8tres.\par
\par
Regardez la vid\'e9o pour d\'e9couvrir comment effectuer un appui \'e0 3 doigts. Vos doigts doivent \'eatre l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s lorsque vous effectuez ce geste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher\b0\par
Le curseur Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher permet de contr\'f4ler la pression \'e0 exercer pour d\'e9placer le pointeur \'e0 une vitesse donn\'e9e. En cas de mouvements erratiques du curseur, essayez de d\'e9placer le curseur vers \b Heavy Touch\b0  (Appui fort). Si la pression ne produit aucun effet, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Light Touch\b0  (Appui l\'e9ger).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement\b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 de d\'e9filement permet d'utiliser les barres de d\'e9filement d'une fen\'eatre sans avoir \'e0 en \'e9carter le pointeur. Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement fonctionnent avec la plupart des fen\'eatres autorisant le d\'e9filement, telles que les documents, les feuilles de calcul et les grandes images num\'e9riques.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Activer direction de d\'e9filement invers\'e9e\b0\par
Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 permet de modifier le comportement de d\'e9filement standard. Ce comportement d\'e9place la barre de d\'e9filement dans le sens du mouvement du doigt. La fonctionnalit\'e9 d'inversion du d\'e9filement d\'e9place le document ou l'objet dans le sens inverse du mouvement du doigt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Activer ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 permet de b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un d\'e9filement continu en effectuant un mouvement unique, r\'e9gulier et circulaire. La vitesse de d\'e9filement d\'e9pend de la vitesse du doigt. Pour activer cette fonctionnalit\'e9, cochez la case Activer ChiralScrolling.\par
\par
Pour utiliser ChiralScrolling\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez un doigt sur la zone cible. Pour faire d\'e9filer vers le haut ou le bas, la zone cible correspond au c\'f4t\'e9 droit de TouchPad\'99. Pour faire d\'e9filer vers la gauche ou la droite, la zone cible correspond au bord inf\'e9rieur de TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab D\'e9placez votre doigt dans le sens du d\'e9filement, puis effectuez des cercles dans le sens horaire ou anti-horaire avec votre doigt. Lorsque ChiralScrolling est activ\'e9, votre doigt peut errer sur la surface de TouchPad\'99 tout en effectuant un mouvement circulaire. Remarque\~ : Pour changer la direction du d\'e9filement, inversez simplement la direction du mouvement du doigt. Vous proc\'e9dez alors au d\'e9filement dans le sens oppos\'e9.\par
3.\tab Pour arr\'eater le d\'e9filement et revenir au mode Pointage, soulevez votre doigt de la surface de TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Enable EdgeMotion\'99 when scrolling (Activer EdgeMotion\'99 pendant le d\'e9filement)\b0\par
Cochez cette case si vous souhaitez poursuivre le d\'e9filement lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord de TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Zone de d\'e9filement\b0\par
Le diagramme de zone de d\'e9filement repr\'e9sente la surface de TouchPad\'99. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme pr\'e9sente les r\'e9gions de d\'e9filement sur la surface de TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur la surface de TouchPad\'99, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent sur le bord du diagramme de TouchPad\'99 pour indiquer la position de votre doigt. Si votre doigt figure dans une r\'e9gion de d\'e9filement active de TouchPad\'99, la zone de d\'e9filement correspondante du diagramme appara\'eet de fa\'e7on unie.\par
\par
Vous pouvez agrandir ou r\'e9duire les zones de d\'e9filement en faisant glisser les petits carr\'e9s figurant sur le bord de la zone hachur\'e9e. Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 lancer le d\'e9filement, agrandissez la zone de d\'e9filement en d\'e9pla\'e7ant les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e vers l'int\'e9rieur. Si vous trouvez que le d\'e9filement se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, r\'e9duisez la zone de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
Si les zones de d\'e9filement sont grises et ne peuvent pas \'eatre ajust\'e9es, assurez-vous que le d\'e9filement vertical et horizontal est activ\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Rotation\b0\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de type Rotation permettent de contr\'f4le les photos et d'autres objets au moyen de gestes pratiques.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 PalmCheck\'99 \'e9vite d'activer le TouchPad\'99 de fa\'e7on accidentelle. PalmCheck\'99 permet au TouchPad\'99 de d\'e9tecter la pr\'e9sence de votre paume, qu'elle soit statique ou en mouvement, lorsque vous saisissez du texte et d'ignorer les appuis. Ceci permet d'\'e9viter les mouvements de pointeur ou les clics involontaires.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e9 de PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
La sensibilit\'e9 de PalmCheck\'99 peut \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9e en fonction de vos habitudes de frappe et de pointage.\par
\par
Si le TouchPad\'99 d\'e9place le curseur de fa\'e7on al\'e9atoire ou effectue des clics ind\'e9sirables, augmentez la valeur du param\'e8tre PalmCheck\'99 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
Si le TouchPad\'99 le d\'e9tecte pas les mouvements ou les appuis, r\'e9duisez la valeur PalmCheck\'99 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers \b Minimum\b0 . Vous subirez davantage de mouvements ou d'appuis non reconnus lorsque le curseur est dans la zone rouge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Vitesse\b0\'99\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 Vitesse permet de b\'e9n\'e9ficier d'un mouvement fluide et rapide, similaire \'e0 celui d'une boule de commande. Un glissement rapide du doigt sur la surface de TouchPad\'99 permet de d\'e9placer le curseur sur l'ensemble de l'\'e9cran de l'ordinateur. L'option Vitesse permet de r\'e9duire les mouvements r\'e9p\'e9titifs et la fatigue li\'e9e au d\'e9placement continu du curseur, tout en offrant une sensation fluide et naturelle semblable \'e0 celle d'une boule de commande. Cette option est recommand\'e9e pour les jeux de strat\'e9gie en temps r\'e9el, les jeux de tir et de jeux de r\'f4les.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Distance de glissement\b0\par
Le curseur Distance de glissement permet de r\'e9gler la distance parcourue par le curseur en r\'e9ponse au glissement d'un doigt sur le TouchPad\'99. Pour arr\'eater le curseur, appuyez une fois ou placez votre doigt sur la surface de TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Pour augmenter la distance de glissement, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Long\b0 . Pour la r\'e9duire, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Court\b0 .\par
\par
\b Rebondir sur les bords de l'\'e9cran\b0\par
Cochez cette case pour conserver le curseur dans les limites de l'\'e9cran de l'ordinateur. La fonctionnalit\'e9 Rebondir sur les bords de l'\'e9cran permet d'acc\'e9der rapidement aux options de menus et aux commandes qui sont proches des bords de l'\'e9cran.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 EdgeMotion\'99 a \'e9t\'e9 con\'e7ue pour simplifier les mouvements du pointeur sur de longues distances. Lorsque votre doigt atteint le bord de TouchPad\'99, le pointeur poursuit sa course dans la m\'eame direction jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous leviez le doigt.\par
\par
Les fonctionnalit\'e9s de d\'e9filement prennent \'e9galement en charge EdgeMotion\'99. Pour utiliser EdgeMotion\'99 pendant le d\'e9filement, cochez la case \b Enable EdgeMotion\'99 when scrolling\b0  (Activer EdgeMotion\'99 pendant le d\'e9filement) dans la section \b D\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b Zone EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
Le diagramme de la zone EdgeMotion\'99 de la fen\'eatre de param\'e8tres repr\'e9sente la surface de TouchPad\'99. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme pr\'e9sente les zones EdgeMotion\'99 sur la surface de TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur la surface de TouchPad\'99, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent sur le bord du diagramme de zone EdgeMotion\'99 pour indiquer la position de votre doigt. Si votre doigt figure dans une zone EdgeMotion\'99 active de TouchPad\'99, la zone de d\'e9filement EdgeMotion\'99 correspondante du diagramme appara\'eet de fa\'e7on unie.\par
\par
Vous pouvez agrandir ou r\'e9duire les zones EdgeMotion\'99 en faisant glisser l'un des petits carr\'e9s figurant sur le bord de la zone hachur\'e9e. Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 lancer EdgeMotion\'99 , agrandissez la zone EdgeMotion\'99 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant les bords de la zone hachur\'e9e vers l'int\'e9rieur. Si EdgeMotion\'99 se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, r\'e9duisez la zone EdgeMotion\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Control speed with finger pressure (Contr\'f4le de la vitesse par la pression du doigt)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, la vitesse d'EdgeMotion\'99 est d\'e9termin\'e9e par la pression du doigt sur TouchPad\'99. Le fait d'appuyer davantage acc\'e9l\'e8re la vitesse de d\'e9filement.\par
\par
\b Fixed speed (Vitesse fixe)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le pointeur se d\'e9place toujours \'e0 une vitesse constante, sp\'e9cifi\'e9e lorsque le doigt est plac\'e9 dans la zone EdgeMotion\'99.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Accessibilit\'e9\b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 Accessibilit\'e9 permet de sp\'e9cifier la fa\'e7on dont le pointeur r\'e9pond aux actions de pointage, ce qui inclut le fait de conserver le pointeur dans une fen\'eatre, de ralentir la vitesse du mouvement ou de r\'e9duire la direction du mouvement du pointeur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Enable Sticky Borders (Pointeur limit\'e9 \'e0 la fen\'eatre active)\b0\par
Cette option limite le d\'e9placement du pointeur \'e0 la fen\'eatre active. Lorsque vous tentez de d\'e9placer le pointeur en dehors de cette fen\'eatre pour la premi\'e8re fois, il s'arr\'eate au bord. Si vous essayez une deuxi\'e8me fois, il peut alors quitter la fen\'eatre.\par
\par
Le fait de limiter le pointeur \'e0 la fen\'eatre active permet d'acc\'e9der plus rapidement aux commandes g\'e9n\'e9ralement situ\'e9es pr\'e8s des bords. Par exemple, pour fermer ou redimensionner une fen\'eatre, vous pouvez d\'e9placer rapidement le pointeur vers la case de fermeture ou le bord de la fen\'eatre, et ce dernier s'arr\'eate alors juste au bord.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Enable Slow Motion (Activer d\'e9placement lent)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est activ\'e9e, vous pouvez r\'e9duire la vitesse du pointeur pour une plus grande pr\'e9cision.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Activer le mouvement contraint\b0\par
Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 permet de forcer le mouvement purement horizontal ou vertical \'e0 l'\'e9cran. Cette fonctionnalit\'e9 est particuli\'e8rement utile pour les programmes de dessin.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Appui\b0\par
Lorsque cette case est coch\'e9e, un appui correspond aux actions du bouton gauche de la souris. Si vous d\'e9sactivez cette case \'e0 cocher, les boutons de TouchPad\'99 deviennent la seule solution pour cliquer.\par
\par
Le mot \'ab\~ Appui\~ \'bb d\'e9signe le fait de toucher rapidement la surface de TouchPad\'99 puis d'enlever son doigt. Un appui l\'e9ger et rapide est pr\'e9f\'e9rable. Les appuis trop durs ou lents sont d\'e9conseill\'e9s. Appuyez une fois pour un clic unique, ou deux fois en succession rapide pour un double-clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Verrouillage du glissement\b0\par
Lorsque cette fonctionnalit\'e9 est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, vous pouvez faire glisser les objets sur de longues distances avec plusieurs mouvements du doigt. Dans ce cas, l'action de glissement persiste apr\'e8s que vous avez lev\'e9 le doigt de TouchPad\'99. Appuyez \'e0 nouveau sur TouchPad\'99 pour d\'e9poser l'objet et mettre fin \'e0 l'op\'e9ration de glissement.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Activer les zones d'appui\b0\par
Lorsque cette case est coch\'e9e, vous pouvez associer une action sp\'e9cifique ou un raccourci \'e0 chaque angle de TouchPad\'99. En appuyant sur l'une des zones d'appui, l'action sp\'e9cifi\'e9e est ex\'e9cut\'e9e, ce qui permet g\'e9n\'e9ralement de gagner du temps et des clics.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Configuration\b0\par
S\'e9lectionnez une action dans la zone de liste pour l'associer \'e0 une zone d'appui. La plupart des actions ne n\'e9cessitent aucune configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Cependant, si plusieurs informations sont requises, le bouton Configurer est activ\'e9. Cliquez sur le bouton Configurer pour consulter ou modifier la configuration de l'action.\par
Diff\'e9rentes actions peuvent \'eatre affect\'e9es aux zones d'appui. Des actions suppl\'e9mentaires peuvent \'eatre disponibles si vous disposez d'un plug-in pour TouchPad\'99 fourni par un \'e9diteur tiers. Si la liste des options n'est pas disponible et ne peut pas \'eatre s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, assurez-vous que la case \b Activer les zones d'appui\b0  est coch\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Boutons\b0\par
Par d\'e9faut, les boutons servent de boutons de \'ab\~ souris\~ \'bb pour ce p\'e9riph\'e9rique de pointage. Si cette case n'est pas coch\'e9e, les boutons sont d\'e9sactiv\'e9s et restent donc sans effet\~ ; vous devez alors effectuer un appui sur TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Vous pouvez \'e9galement modifier actions associ\'e9es aux diff\'e9rents boutons. Par exemple, vous pouvez associer le bouton droit \'e0 \'ab\~ Atteindre une page Web dans navigateur par d\'e9faut\~ \'bb. Ainsi, lorsque vous cliquez sur le bouton droit de votre p\'e9riph\'e9rique de pointage, votre navigateur Web s'affiche automatiquement et charge la page sp\'e9cifi\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Action de bouton\b0\par
Choisissez une action dans le menu d\'e9roulant et associez-la au bouton voulu. L'action s\'e9lectionn\'e9e se produit lorsque vous appuyez sur ce bouton.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Utilisation de la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s\b0\par
Cette fen\'eatre permet de personnaliser les param\'e8tres du p\'e9riph\'e9rique de pointage. Utilisez l'arborescence de menus pour acc\'e9der aux fonctionnalit\'e9s personnalis\'e9es. Cliquez sur la fl\'e8che pr\'e8s d'une fonctionnalit\'e9 ou double-cliquez dessus pour afficher les options.\par
\par
\b Activation et d\'e9sactivation des fonctionnalit\'e9s\b0\par
Cochez une case pour activer la fonctionnalit\'e9 correspondante et retirez la marque de la case pour la d\'e9sactiver.\par
\par
\b Param\'e8tres\b0\par
Si la fonctionnalit\'e9 s\'e9lectionn\'e9e afficher une ic\'f4ne de param\'e8tres qui est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e lorsqu'elle est survol\'e9e par le curseur, vous pouvez cliquer dessus ou double-cliquer sur le nom de cette fonctionnalit\'e9 pour configurer ses param\'e8tres. Si vous ne pouvez pas cliquer sur une ic\'f4ne de param\'e8tres, assurez-vous que la case correspondant \'e0 cette fonctionnalit\'e9 est bien coch\'e9e, ainsi que ses cases parent.\par
\par
\b Aide\b0\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur l'ic\'f4ne en forme de point d'interrogation et le bouton Aide pour afficher des informations.\par
\par
\b Bouton Fermer\b0\par
Le bouton Fermer de la fen\'eatre de param\'e8tres permet de fermer cette fen\'eatre. Les modifications deviennent permanentes lorsque vous cliquez sur \b Appliquer\b0  ou \b OK\b0  dans la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s.\par
\par
\b Bouton des valeurs par d\'e9faut\b0\par
Le bouton Par d\'e9faut de la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s restaure l'ensemble des param\'e8tres de TouchPad\'99 \'e0 leurs valeurs par d\'e9faut.\par
\par
Le bouton Par d\'e9faut de la fen\'eatre de Param\'e8tres r\'e9tablit tous les param\'e8tres de la fen\'eatre active \'e0 leur valeur par d\'e9faut. Les modifications deviennent permanentes lorsque vous cliquez sur \b Appliquer\b0  ou \b OK\b0  dans la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s.\par
\par
Bouton \b OK\b0\par
Le bouton OK enregistre vos modifications et ferme la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s.\par
\par
Bouton \b Annuler\b0\par
Le bouton Annuler ferme la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s sans en enregistrer les modifications.\par
\par
Bouton \b Appliquer\b0\par
Le bouton Appliquer enregistre vos modifications, mais conserve la fen\'eatre Propri\'e9t\'e9s de fa\'e7on \'e0 apporter des modifications suppl\'e9mentaires.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Vitesse de d\'e9filement\b0\par
Le curseur de vitesse de d\'e9filement permet de r\'e9gler la vitesse du d\'e9filement. Faites glisser ce curseur vers la droite pour un d\'e9filement plus rapide.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Pointage\b0\par
Les pages relatives aux param\'e8tres de pointage permettent de sp\'e9cifier la fa\'e7on dont votre curseur r\'e9pond aux actions de pointage et de s\'e9lection.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher\b0\par
Le curseur de Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher permet de r\'e9gler la pression \'e0 appliquer avant d'obtenir une r\'e9ponse de TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Si votre TouchPad\'99 r\'e9pond de fa\'e7on erratique ou si vous travaillez dans une zone tr\'e8s humide, r\'e9duisez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers \b Heavy touch\b0  (Appui fort).\par
\par
Si vous devez appuyer trop fort pour utiliser le TouchPad\'99 ou si le TouchPad\'99 ne r\'e9pond pas \'e0 vos appuis, augmentez la sensibilit\'e9 en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le curseur vers la gauche, dans la direction de \b Light touch\b0  (Appui l\'e9ger).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Zones d'appui\b0\par
Le diagramme de la zone d'appui repr\'e9sente la surface de TouchPad\'99. La zone hachur\'e9e du diagramme pr\'e9sente les zones d'appui actives sur la surface de TouchPad\'99. Lorsque vous placez votre doigt sur la surface de TouchPad\'99, des fl\'e8ches apparaissent sur le bord du diagramme de TouchPad\'99 pour indiquer la position de votre doigt. Si votre doigt figure dans une zone d'appui active de TouchPad\'99, la zone d'appui correspondante du diagramme appara\'eet de fa\'e7on unie.\par
\par
Vous pouvez agrandir ou r\'e9duire les zones d'appui en faisant glisser l'un des petits carr\'e9s noirs figurant dans les coins des zones hachur\'e9es. Si vous avez des difficult\'e9s \'e0 d\'e9clencher une action associ\'e9e \'e0 une zone d'appui, agrandissez la zone d'appui. Si l'action d'une zone d'appui se d\'e9clenche trop facilement, r\'e9duisez la zone d'appui.\par
\par
Si les zones d'appui ne sont pas disponibles et ne peuvent pas \'eatre r\'e9gl\'e9es, assurez-vous que la case \b Activer les zones d'appui\b0  est coch\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Appuyez pour s\'e9lectionner\b0\par
La fonctionnalit\'e9 permet d'utiliser les mouvements d'appui et de pression pour effectuer des clics de type \'ab\~ souris\~ \'bb.\par
\par
Le fait d'appuyer sur le bout du stick de pointage est \'e9quivalent au clic gauche d'une souris. Cependant, ce type d'appui peut \'eatre plus pratique \'e0 effectuer qu'un clic de souris.\par
\par
\'ab\~Appuyer\~\'bb signifie simplement exercer une l\'e9g\'e8re pression du bout du doigt sur l'extr\'e9mit\'e9 du stick. Un appui l\'e9ger et rapide est pr\'e9f\'e9rable. Les appuis trop durs ou lents sont d\'e9conseill\'e9s. Appuyez une fois pour un clic unique, ou deux fois en succession rapide pour un double-clic.\par
\par
\'ab\~Appuyer\~\'bb signifie exercer une l\'e9g\'e8re pression sur le stick avec le doigt. Une pression l\'e9g\'e8re et d\'e9lib\'e9r\'e9e est pr\'e9f\'e9rable. Appuyez droit vers le bas pour simuler un clic de bouton de souris maintenu enfonc\'e9. Appuyez \'e0 la verticale, puis sur les c\'f4t\'e9s pour cliquer et faire glisser dans la direction voulue. Rel\'e2chez le bouton lorsque vous souhaitez rel\'e2cher le bouton de la souris.\par
\par
Les boutons physiques peuvent \'e9galement \'eatre utilis\'e9s pour cliquer. Si vous d\'e9sactivez cette case, les boutons physiques deviennent l'unique solution possible pour cliquer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Press to select only (Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner uniquement)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le fait d'appuyer sur le dessus du stick de pointage s\'e9lectionne l'objet, mais ne l'ouvre ni ne le d\'e9place.\par
\par
\b Press to select drag (Appuyer pour faire glisser uniquement)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le fait d'appuyer sur le stick de pointage s\'e9lectionne l'objet et le laisse s\'e9lectionn\'e9, de fa\'e7on \'e0 pouvoir le d\'e9placer avec le p\'e9riph\'e9rique de pointage. Cette op\'e9ration revient \'e0 maintenir enfonc\'e9 le bouton gauche de la souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Press-to-Select means Primary Click (Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner \'e9gale clic principal)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le fait d'appuyer sur le stick de pointage effectue la m\'eame action qu'un clic principal de souris.\par
\par
\b Press-to-Select means Secondary Click (Appuyer pour s\'e9lectionner \'e9gale clic secondaire)\b0\par
Lorsque cette option est s\'e9lectionn\'e9e, le fait d'appuyer sur le stick de pointage effectue la m\'eame action qu'un clic secondaire de souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Pace (Vitesse d'appui)\b0\par
Le curseur Pace permet de sp\'e9cifier \'e0 quelle vitesse vous devez appuyer sur le stick de pointage pour que cette op\'e9ration soit interpr\'e9t\'e9e comme une commande de s\'e9lection. R\'e9glez le curseur de fa\'e7on \'e0 ce que vos appuis soient interpr\'e9t\'e9s de fa\'e7on facile. Si les appuis sont sans effet, d\'e9placez le curseur vers la section la plus rapide. Si de trop nombreux appuis se produisent, d\'e9placez-le vers la section la plus lente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e9 au toucher\b0\par
Les param\'e8tres de sensibilit\'e9 permettent de contr\'f4ler la pression \'e0 exercer sur le stick de pointage pour d\'e9placer le pointeur \'e0 une vitesse donn\'e9e.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts\b0\par
Le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 trois doigts facilite la navigation pour diff\'e9rentes applications. Vous pouvez utiliser le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts pour parcourir Internet ou des photos. Vous pouvez \'e9galement utiliser ce geste pour lancer ou arr\'eater un diaporama sur votre lecteur de photos. Cochez cette case pour employer le geste Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts pour la navigation et les diaporamas.\par
\par
Regardez la vid\'e9o pour d\'e9couvrir comment effectuer un glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts. Vos doigts doivent \'eatre l\'e9g\'e8rement \'e9cart\'e9s lorsque vous effectuez ce geste.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts \'e0 l'horizontale\par
Faites glisser vos doigts vers la droite ou la gauche pour avancer ou reculer au sein d'un lecteur de photos ou dans une fen\'eatre Internet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Glissement rapide \'e0 3 doigts \'e0 la verticale\par
Faites glisser vos doigts vers le haut pour lancer le mode Diaporama. Faites glisser vos doigts vers le bas pour quitter le mode Diaporama.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
R\'e9glez la vitesse de EdgeMotion\'99 avec le curseur. Pour accro\'eetre la vitesse, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Rapide\b0 et pour la r\'e9duire, d\'e9placez-la vers \b Lent\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
Lorsqu'un mouvement lent est activ\'e9, vous pouvez lui associer une touche d'activation. Pour utiliser un mouvement lent, maintenez enfonc\'e9e cette touche tout en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le pointeur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
Lorsqu'un mouvement limit\'e9 est activ\'e9, vous pouvez lui associer une touche d'activation. Pour utiliser un mouvement limit\'e9, maintenez enfonc\'e9e cette touche tout en d\'e9pla\'e7ant le pointeur. La direction initiale du pointeur d\'e9termine sa direction autoris\'e9e, tant que votre doigt demeure sur TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Geste de couverture\b0\par
Ce geste lib\'e8re l'ensemble du bureau en r\'e9duisant toutes les fen\'eatres ouvertes. La r\'e9p\'e9tition de ce geste r\'e9tablit les fen\'eatres.\par
\par
Pour ex\'e9cuter le geste de couverture\~ :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posez vos doigts \'e0 plat sur TouchPad\'99 de fa\'e7on \'e0 le couvrir autant que possible.\par
2.\tab Attendez que toutes les fen\'eatres de bureau aient \'e9t\'e9 r\'e9duites ou restaur\'e9es avant de bouger les doigts.\par
3.\tab Enlevez vos doigts du TouchPad\'99 en les soulevant.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Les param\'e8tres de v\'e9rification intelligente permettent de r\'e9duire les comportements non souhait\'e9s de TouchPad\'99. Cliquez sur chaque fonctionnalit\'e9 pour plus de d\'e9tails.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
Vous pouvez appuyer sur le ClickPad pour effectuer un clic principal, secondaire ou interm\'e9diaire.\par
\par
Par d\'e9faut, le fait d'appuyer avec un doigt correspond \'e0 un clic principal. Le fait d'appuyer avec deux doigts effectue un clic secondaire. Le fait d'appuyer avec trois doigts effectue un clic interm\'e9diaire. S\'e9lectionnez \b Clic \'e0 2 doigts\b0  et \b Clic \'e0 3 doigts\b0  pour obtenir la configuration voulue.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Pour proc\'e9der \'e0 un clic \'e0 1 doigt, appuyez avec un doigt sur la surface de ClickPad jusqu'\'e0 ce que vous la sentiez s'enfoncer. Un clic \'e0 1 doigt est \'e9quivalent au clic principal (gauche) de la souris.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
Par d\'e9faut, un clic \'e0 un 1 doigt dans le coin inf\'e9rieur de CickPad correspond au clic secondaire (droit) de la souris.\par
\par
L'action associ\'e9e \'e0 un clic \'e0 1 doigt dans un coin peut \'eatre configur\'e9e. Pour associer une autre action, s\'e9lectionnez une action dans la liste.\par
\par
Certaines actions n\'e9cessitent une configuration suppl\'e9mentaire. Si davantage d'informations sont requises, le bouton \b Configurer\b0  devient disponible ou une bo\'eete de dialogue s'affiche.\par
\par
Vous pouvez cliquer sur le bouton \b Configurer\b0  \'e0 tout moment pour afficher ou modifier vos param\'e8tres.\par
\par
Si vous utilisez une configuration pour gaucher, cliquez sur le c\'f4t\'e9 inf\'e9rieur gauche du ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Pour r\'e9gler la distance de glissement, utilisez le curseur. Si vous souhaitez prolonger le d\'e9filement, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Max\b0 . Si vous souhaitez r\'e9duire le d\'e9filement, d\'e9placez le curseur vers \b Min\b0 . Si le curseur ne se d\'e9place pas, assurez-vous que Activer le glissement est s\'e9lectionn\'e9.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b D\'e9filement \'e0 un doigt\b0\par
Vous pouvez proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement vertical.\par
\par
Cliquez sur la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment que vous souhaitez faire d\'e9filer, puis faites glisser votre doigt vers le haut ou vers le bas, le long du bord droit de TouchPad pour proc\'e9der au d\'e9filement vertical.\par
\par
Si le d\'e9filement ne se fait pas, assurez-vous que les cases \'e0 cocher requises sont activ\'e9es et que la fen\'eatre ou l'\'e9l\'e9ment sur lequel vous avez cliqu\'e9 peut d\'e9filer. Si les probl\'e8mes persistent, consultez les param\'e8tres \b Zone de d\'e9filement\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset128 MS Gothic;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0411\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0506200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0510200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0527200900, Extra \par added in topic #300.\par
v0528200900, Added TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1109200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v1109200900, Amended list code in topic 320.\par
v0219201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
\'96\'a2\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'cc\'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76 \'83\'67\'83\'73\'83\'62\'83\'4e\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\b0\par
\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'97\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b +\b0  (\'83\'76\'83\'89\'83\'58\'8b\'4c\'8d\'86) \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45 (\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58) \'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'e2\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'8f\'6f\'89\'d7\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [OK] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [OK]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b9\'82\'b8\'91\'4f\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'f0\'88\'db\'8e\'9d\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'89\'c1\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'96\'bc\'91\'4f\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'81\'75\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'c5\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'ad\'81\'76\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'aa\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'93\'c7\'82\'dd\'8d\'9e\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c6\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'89\'bd\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'e0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e2\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'c9\'91\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'c5\'82\'be\'82\'af\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'cd\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
\b\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'90\'e6\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'e2\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'94\'82\'f0\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'82\'bd\'82\'bd\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'ad\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'78\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'f8\'97\'a6\'82\'aa\'88\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'421 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'412 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'81\'75\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'94\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'90\'54\'8f\'64\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'88\'db\'8e\'9d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'56\'83\'7e\'83\'85\'83\'8c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c5\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
\b\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'91\'9c\'8f\'88\'97\'9d\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c8\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41[\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'aa\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'c5\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7c\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'41\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\f1\'99\f0 (\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'c2\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'a4\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
[\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0 1 \'82\'c2\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'c5 \b [\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'be\'82\'af EdgeMotion (\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'81\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'be\'82\'af EdgeMotion (\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd EdgeMotion (\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c8\'82\'b5\b0\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'89\'bd\'93\'78\'82\'e0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'a9\'81\'41[\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'70\'83\'6c\'83\'8b] - [\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58] \'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc 4 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'89\'bd\'82\'a9\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc 4 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\'82\'c6\'8c\'c4\'82\'ce\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8a\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'82\'c7\'82\'b1\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c8\'82\'b5]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7 (\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7)\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c8\'82\'b5]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7 (\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7)\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c8\'82\'b5]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7 (\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7)\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c8\'82\'b5]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7 (\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7)\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'82\'aa\'95\'60\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1 \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'5a\'83\'4e\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'90\'e0\'96\'be\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'8a\'b4\'89\'9e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'c5\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\b0\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'91\'ac\'93\'78\b0\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'88\'db\'8e\'9d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'91\'ac\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'91\'ac\'82\'a2]\b0  \'82\'c6 \b [\'92\'78\'82\'a2]\b0  \'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7 \b [\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec]\b0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0 1 \'82\'c2\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7 \b [\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'b3\'97\'cd\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'95\'cf\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'e2\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8e\'9d\'82\'bf\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'ad\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'78\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'f8\'97\'a6\'82\'aa\'88\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'421 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'41\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd 2 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd TouchPad \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c8\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'82\'f0\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b\'8d\'c4\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\b0\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'e2\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'b8\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'f0 1 \'89\'f1\'c0\'af\'cc\'df\'82\'b5\'81\'412 \'89\'f1\'96\'da\'82\'cc\'c0\'af\'cc\'df\'8c\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\b0\par
\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'94\'89\'f1\'89\'9d\'95\'9c\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'5b\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'f0\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c6 \b [\'8d\'c4\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f]\b0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'e0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\f1\'99\f0 (\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8c\'eb\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'90\'da\'90\'47\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'82\'ae\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'e8\'82\'cc\'82\'d0\'82\'e7\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'e8\'82\'cc\'82\'d0\'82\'e7\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8f\'9f\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'82\'ae\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'8f\'9f\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5]\b0  \'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'aa\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac]\b0  \'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'aa\'90\'d4\'82\'a2\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'8e\'bc\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'8d\'82\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68 \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68 \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\par
\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e2\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'81\'41\'8d\'c5\'8c\'e3\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e2\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'cd\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'c5\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7c\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'41\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
\b\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'97\'98\'97\'70\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'9d\'82\'bf\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'98\'41\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'9d\'82\'c2\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'d3\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'95\'d3\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7 \b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b [\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c8\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'82\'f0\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'92\'8d\'88\'d3: \b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'c6 \b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'91\'4f\'82\'c9\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'93\'5f\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'54\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'82\'e0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'a2\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Ctrl \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'aa\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'8c\'fb\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8f\'6f\'8c\'fb\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'cc\'90\'d4\'82\'a2\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'93\'e0\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'c9\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41[\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc [\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'5a\'83\'4e\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'bc\'82\'ea\'82\'cc\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'c5 [\'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76] \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\b0\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c6\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'89\'ba\'82\'aa\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'8d\'d7\'82\'a9\'82\'a2\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'90\'b8\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41[\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
[\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c9\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'74\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'85\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc \b [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'95\'73\'88\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'93\'5f\'96\'c5\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'74\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'85\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc \b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
[Synaptics TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'70\'83\'6c\'83\'8b] - [\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58] \'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'b1\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'93\'83\'4e\'82\'c9\'92\'bc\'90\'da\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
\'81\'75\'83\'70\'83\'93\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'81\'41\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8e\'ce\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'83\'70\'83\'93\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'70\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41Microsoft Intellimouse \'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'83\'70\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'aa\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41Microsoft Word \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'81\'41Microsoft Excel \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c6\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'82\'df\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'83\'70\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'97\'98\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
\'81\'75\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'94\'7b\'97\'a6\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'43\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'94\'7b\'97\'a6\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'94\'7b\'97\'a6\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'88\'d3\'96\'a1\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'cd\'81\'41Microsoft Intellimouse \'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4 [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67] \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'83\'57\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'76\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'88\'ea\'94\'d4\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'8d\'80\'96\'da (\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed [\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b] \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b) \'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'ea\'94\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'9d\'82\'c2\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'c5\'82\'c9\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c6\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'89\'bb\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'4f\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c6\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'7b \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'97\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc TouchPad \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'97\'9a\'97\'f0\'82\'c9\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'91\'4f\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'97\'9a\'97\'f0\'82\'c9\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'f0\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'7b \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'97\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'c4\'93\'78\'93\'c7\'82\'dd\'8d\'9e\'82\'dc\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'75 \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'93\'c7\'82\'dd\'8d\'9e\'82\'dd\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cd\'81\'418 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'c6\'8f\'91\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'8a\'65\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'94\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'83\'7d\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'82\'cc\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'c6\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\b0\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'96\'91\'4f\'82\'c9\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'88\'ea\'98\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'83\'7d\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'82\'cc\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e] \'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\b0\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'88\'ea\'98\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \i\'83\'7d\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\i0\'82\'c6\'8c\'c4\'82\'ce\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7d\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'82\'cc\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'73\'89\'c2\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4 [\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'41]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8f\'c1\'8b\'8e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'83\'6f\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58 \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'96\'df\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'82\'a4\'82\'bf\'8d\'c5\'8c\'e3\'82\'cc\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'8d\'ed\'8f\'9c\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'92\'86\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'96\'df\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'af\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'82\'c8\'82\'e7\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'92\'8d\'88\'d3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'78\'83\'62\'83\'67\'81\'41\'90\'94\'8e\'9a\'81\'41\'8b\'4c\'8d\'86\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'4c\'83\'85\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'67\'93\'e0\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'87\'8c\'ca\'82\'c5\'88\'cd\'82\'dc\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'6a\'81\'5b\'83\'82\'83\'6a\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'5e\'83\'4f\'82\'c5\'95\'5c\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a8\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'cd\'93\'c7\'82\'dd\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'83\'4c\'81\'5b (\b Shift\b0\'81\'41\b Ctrl\b0\'81\'41\b Alt\b0  \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'c8\'82\'c7) \'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c6\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'c5\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'aa\'82\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cd\'92\'bc\'90\'da\'95\'d2\'8f\'57\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'92\'8d\'88\'d3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'91\'4f\'82\'c9\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'93\'72\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'90\'56\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'91\'7d\'93\'fc\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'95\'d2\'8f\'57\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'8d\'ed\'8f\'9c\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'90\'56\'82\'b5\'82\'a2\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'c4\'93\'78\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'aa\'8a\'ae\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41\b [OK]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8b\'4c\'98\'5e\'82\'f0\'94\'6a\'8a\'fc\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc TouchPad \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
\'83\'81\'83\'43\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0 2 \'89\'f1\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'ad\'82\'e7\'82\'a2\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c6\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8a\'b5\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'a0\'82\'dc\'82\'e8\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 [\'92\'78\'82\'a2] \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'83\'65\'83\'58\'83\'67] \'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'89\'e6\'91\'9c\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'83\'65\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'83\'65\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'d1\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'94\'a0\'82\'aa\'94\'f2\'82\'d1\'8f\'6f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'42\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'aa\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
\'8e\'c0\'8d\'db\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'ad\'82\'e7\'82\'a2\'89\'c1\'91\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'c1\'91\'ac\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'ce\'82\'e2\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'c1\'91\'ac\'82\'f0 [\'82\'c8\'82\'b5] \'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'8b\'4f\'90\'d5\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4f\'90\'d5\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'74\'8f\'bb\'83\'66\'83\'42\'83\'58\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'43\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8c\'a9\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'8b\'4f\'90\'d5\'82\'cc\'92\'b7\'82\'b3\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'86\'83\'6a\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'54\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
\b [\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cd\'81\'418 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8f\'88\'97\'9d\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'c6\'8f\'91\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'aa\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
3 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cd\'81\'412 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'8f\'88\'97\'9d\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'c6\'8f\'91\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'aa\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
2 \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd 3 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cd\'81\'418 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
2 \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'97\'52\'82\'c9\'91\'67\'82\'dd\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8f\'88\'97\'9d\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'c6\'8f\'91\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'8c\'9f\'8f\'6f\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'83\'7d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'82\'c5\'95\'5c\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'95\'82\'a2\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'83\'6e\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cc\'97\'bc\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'c0\'8d\'db\'82\'cc TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\b0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b9\'82\'b8\'82\'c9\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'53\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f \'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'91\'ac\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'91\'ac\'82\'a2]\b0  \'82\'c6 \b [\'92\'78\'82\'a2]\b0  \'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'88\'c8\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'a2\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41[\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'88\'c8\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'a2\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41[\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'bc\'8e\'d0\'90\'bb\'82\'cc TouchPad \'83\'76\'83\'89\'83\'4f\'83\'43\'83\'93 \'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'58\'83\'67\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'97\'98\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\ul\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\ulnone\b0\par
\b [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'83\'57\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'76\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0 Windows \'82\'cc \'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9 \b [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67]\b0  \b\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8a\'f9\'82\'c9\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c6\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'89\'bb\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7 (\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'53\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7)\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8a\'f9\'82\'c9\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c6\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'cc\'96\'bc\'91\'4f\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'82\'c6 \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'93\'e0\'97\'65\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\par
\'83\'56\'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'80\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\par
\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\par
\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\par
\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\par
\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'be\'82\'af\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'c5\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c8\'82\'b5\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\par
\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'91\'ac\'93\'78\par
\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\par
\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\par
\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\par
\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'c5\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\par
\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\par
[\'8e\'67\'97\'70] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'56\'83\'7e\'83\'85\'83\'8c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8d\'c4\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'e2 TouchPad \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'b8\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'f0 1 \'89\'f1\'c0\'af\'cc\'df\'82\'b5\'81\'412 \'89\'f1\'96\'da\'82\'cc\'c0\'af\'cc\'df\'8c\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'94\'89\'f1\'89\'9d\'95\'9c\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'5b\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'b5\'cc\'de\'bc\'de\'aa\'b8\'c4\'82\'f0\'c4\'de\'d7\'af\'b8\'de\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'f0\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8d\'c4\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f]\b0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
\b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'89\'f1\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8f\'81\'5b\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'68\'83\'56\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'83\'66\'83\'57\'83\'5e\'83\'8b\'89\'e6\'91\'9c\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'81\'41\'82\'d9\'82\'c6\'82\'f1\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'82\'e2\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a0\'82\'e7\'82\'e4\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'a9\'82\'c2\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e2\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd]\b0  \'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
[\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec]\b0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0 1 \'82\'c2\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7 \b [\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\b0\par
\'96\'7b\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'81\'41\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9 1 \'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'95\'db\'8c\'ec\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'88\'81\'5b\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'70\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b\'8a\'d8\'8d\'91\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147\par
\par
\b\'8d\'81\'8d\'60\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4b\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
54596\par
\par
\b\'91\'e4\'98\'70\'94\'ad\'96\'be\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b\'92\'86\'8d\'91\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X\par
\par
\b\'93\'fa\'96\'7b\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'82\'c6\'90\'5c\'90\'bf\'92\'86\'82\'cc\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8f\'a4\'95\'57\b0\par
ChiralMotion\'81\'41ChiralRotate\'81\'41ChiralScrolling\'81\'41EdgeMotion\'81\'41Momentum\'81\'41PalmCheck\'81\'41TouchPad\'81\'41ClickPad\'81\'41ClickEQ\'81\'41TouchStyk\'81\'41Scrybe\'81\'41Synaptics\'81\'41ChiralMotion \'83\'8d\'83\'53\'81\'41Scrybe \'83\'8d\'83\'53\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1 Synaptics \'83\'8d\'83\'53\'82\'cd Synaptics Incorporated \'82\'cc\'95\'c4\'8d\'91\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'8d\'91\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'93\'6f\'98\'5e\'8f\'a4\'95\'57\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'7b\'8f\'91\'82\'c9\'8b\'4c\'8d\'da\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'90\'bb\'95\'69\'81\'41\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'72\'83\'58\'81\'41\'89\'ef\'8e\'d0\'96\'bc\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'65\'8e\'d0\'82\'cc\'8f\'a4\'95\'57\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'8f\'a4\'8d\'86\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright (c) 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. All rights reserved.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
\b\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8f\'6f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'bb\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'f0 2 \'89\'f1\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8b\'ab\'8a\'45\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'a0\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'e2\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'ce\'82\'e2\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'89\'8f\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0] \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c9\'91\'8a\'93\'96\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'8d\'db\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'f0\'8c\'88\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'aa\'94\'ad\'90\'b6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'ac\'82\'a2\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'92\'b2\'90\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'93\'ef\'82\'b5\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'92\'78\'82\'a2\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58 \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'81\'76(\'8d\'b6) \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'75\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'81\'76\'81\'69\'89\'45\'81\'6a \'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'c5\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e (\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec) \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e (\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'4c\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec) \'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67]\b0  \'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
[\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'c7\'82\'a4\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'5a\'83\'4e\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94 PS2 \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'90\'da\'91\'b1\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
TouchPad \'82\'c6\'8a\'4f\'95\'94 PS2 \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'93\'af\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'5a\'83\'4e\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94 PS2 \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'90\'da\'91\'b1\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
\'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc 1 \'83\'6d\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'97\'ca\'82\'f0\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'8d\'73\'90\'94\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'8d\'73\'90\'94\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'e2\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc Page Up \'82\'e2 Page Down \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc 1 \'83\'6d\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'73\'90\'94\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'89\'66\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'c4\'93\'78\'8a\'4a\'82\'a9\'82\'c8\'82\'af\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'82\'c8\'82\'e7\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc 1 \'83\'6d\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c5\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'89\'66\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'c4\'93\'78\'8a\'4a\'82\'a9\'82\'c8\'82\'af\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'82\'c8\'82\'e7\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c6\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'cc\'82\'c7\'82\'bf\'82\'e7\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\b0\par
\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'81\'75\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'81\'76\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b 3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c93\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc3\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'af\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f03\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c6\'8c\'c4\'82\'d1\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\par
\par
3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\ldblquote\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\rdblquote\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'413\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\b 3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'423\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc2\'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'aa\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42(\b\'8f\'e3\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'89\'ba\'81\'41\b0\'8b\'79\'82\'d1\b\'89\'ba\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\b0 )\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8f\'e3\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c93\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'89\'ba\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'82\'d6\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'89\'ba\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c93\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8f\'e3\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'89\'ba\'82\'d6\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\par
3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'95\'fb\'96\'40\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'81\'75\b 3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc(\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc)\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'82\'d6\'82\'cc3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\b\'8f\'e3\b0\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'ba\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'413\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'c8\'82\'a4\'93\'78\'82\'c9 \'94\'ad\'90\'b6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'82\'e0\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'aa\'97\'76\'8b\'81\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'81\'75\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'4d\'83\'85\'83\'8c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'a5\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'a5\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'e2\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'8f\'6f\'97\'88\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'753\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'81\'75\b 3\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc(\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc)\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b 2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8c\'c2\'81\'58\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc2\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'af\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f02\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c6\'8c\'c4\'82\'d1\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\par
\par
2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\ldblquote\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\rdblquote\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'412\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\b 2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'418\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'aa\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8a\'c2\'8b\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8f\'e3\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'89\'ba\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'82\'d6\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'d6\'8e\'ce\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'89\'45\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'89\'45\'82\'d6\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'d6\'8e\'ce\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'89\'ba\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'8f\'e3\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'89\'ba\'82\'d6\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'d6\'8e\'ce\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'8d\'b6\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'89\'45\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'b6\'82\'d6\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\b\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\b0 : \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c92\'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'d6\'8e\'ce\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\par
\par
2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'95\'fb\'96\'40\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'81\'75\b 2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc(\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc)\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'82\'d6\'82\'cc2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\b\'8f\'e3\b0\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'ba\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'412\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'c8\'82\'a4\'93\'78\'82\'c9\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\'94\'ad\'90\'b6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'92\'c7\'89\'c1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'82\'e0\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'aa\'97\'76\'8b\'81\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'81\'75\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'4d\'83\'85\'83\'8c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'a5\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'a5\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'e2\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'75\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'e0\'82\'b5\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'8f\'6f\'97\'88\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'752\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'81\'75\b 2\'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc(\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc)\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'a2\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\b0\par
\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'97\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b +\b0  (\'83\'76\'83\'89\'83\'58\'8b\'4c\'8d\'86) \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45 (\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58) \'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'e2\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'8f\'6f\'89\'d7\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'91\'53\'82\'c4\'82\'f0\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'91\'53\'82\'c4\'82\'f0\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'53\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'8f\'6f\'89\'d7\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [OK] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [OK]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b9\'82\'b8\'91\'4f\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'f0\'88\'db\'8e\'9d\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'89\'c1\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
\b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 Web \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'4c\'83\'85\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'67\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6 (TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f) \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'93\'cb\'8b\'4e\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'8c\'e3\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'91\'a4\'88\'c8\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'cd\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'8e\'9e\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'8c\'e3\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'b1\'82\'c5\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
[\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] (\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba)\'81\'41[\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] (\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'8d\'b6\'89\'45)\'81\'41[\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'b9] (\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'89\'b9) \'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'aa\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'89\'ba\'91\'a4\'82\'aa\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'b9\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'89\'b9\'82\'aa\'96\'c2\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'92\'8d\'81\'46 \b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'e0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'73\'89\'c2\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'73\'89\'c2\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'8d\'73\'82\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\par
LuxPad \'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42LuxPad \'82\'cc\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\b0\par
\'83\'6d\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'75\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'93\'64\'8c\'b9\'82\'c9\'90\'da\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c6\'83\'6f\'83\'62\'83\'65\'83\'8a\'82\'c5\'8b\'ec\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cc\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'bc\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'83\'62\'83\'65\'83\'8a\'82\'cc\'8b\'ec\'93\'ae\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'82\'c2\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'bc\'82\'ea\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'82\'a8\'8a\'a9\'82\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'93\'64\'8c\'b9]\b0  \'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1 \b [\'83\'6f\'83\'62\'83\'65\'83\'8a]\b0  \'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8f\'ac]\b0\'81\'41\b [\'92\'86]\b0\'81\'41\b [\'91\'e5]\b0  \'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'92\'57\'90\'46\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\b [\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3]\b0  \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\b0\par
\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4]\b0  \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'82\'cc\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93\'8c\'e3 LuxPad \'82\'f0\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ad\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'83\'49\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93\'8c\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c6 \b [\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'83\'49\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'83\'49\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93\'8c\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68 \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93\'8c\'e3\'82\'c9 LuxPad \'82\'f0\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ad\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'92\'5a\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
LuxPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9 LuxPad \'82\'f0\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9 LuxPad \'82\'aa\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'92\'57\'90\'46\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4]\b0  \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'4b\'90\'d8\'82\'c8 \b [\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c6 TouchPad \'82\'cd\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'c7\'82\'bf\'82\'e7\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'81\'41TouchPad \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'4b\'90\'d8\'82\'c8 \b [\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc \b [\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'8e\'9e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'8a\'d4\'88\'e1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'92\'8d\'81\'46 \'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c6 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
\b\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\'81\'41\b\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\b\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'90\'56\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'f0\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [OK]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b7\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'ce\'82\'e2\'82\'ad\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'b5\'82\'a9\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
TouchPad \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'b8\'82\'c9\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'ce\'82\'e2\'82\'ad TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'5b\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'89\'bd\'93\'78\'82\'e0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'96\'da\'93\'49\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8d\'db\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cd\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'8f\'9f\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'92\'86\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8e\'e8\'82\'cc\'82\'d0\'82\'e7\'82\'aa\'82\'b1\'82\'b7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'8f\'9f\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'92\'5b (\b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'74\'8b\'df) \'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'aa\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'91\'ce\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'bd\'93\'78\'82\'e0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'a9\'81\'41\b [\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'5e\'83\'75\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'f0\'97\'65\'88\'d5\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\i  \i0 (\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e) \'92\'86\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'8e\'9e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57\i  \i0\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'8e\'9e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
\b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57\i  \i0\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'8a\'b4\'89\'9e\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'d9\'82\'c7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'c5\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
\b [\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'c5\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'aa\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'82\'aa\'95\'60\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41Web \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc \b [\'90\'69\'82\'de]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'96\'df\'82\'e9]\b0  \'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'69\'82\'de/\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'69\'82\'de/\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'d3\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6 [\'96\'df\'82\'e9] \'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6 [\'90\'69\'82\'de] \'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'f3\'91\'d4\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'81\'41TouchPad \'89\'ba\'95\'d3\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
[\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'cd\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'81\'41\'8d\'c5\'8c\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'97\'98\'97\'70]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'e0\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'9d\'82\'bf\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'98\'41\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c8\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'82\'f0\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'82\'a8\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'92\'8d\'81\'46 \b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'c6 \b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'91\'4f\'82\'c9\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'93\'5f\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'54\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'82\'e0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'a2\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b Ctrl\b0  \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'aa\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8f\'6b\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'8c\'fb\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8f\'6f\'8c\'fb\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'cc\'90\'d4\'82\'a2\'8e\'6c\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\b0\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'93\'e0\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'c9\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b]\b0  \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc \b [\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'89\'ba\'95\'d3\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'95\'d3\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41[\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec]\b0  \'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'ce\'82\'e2\'82\'ad\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'ad\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'78\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'f8\'97\'a6\'82\'aa\'88\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'421 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'41\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd 2 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'81\'75\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'81\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'94\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'b5\'82\'c1\'82\'a9\'82\'e8\'82\'c6\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'90\'54\'8f\'64\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'88\'db\'8e\'9d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'56\'83\'7e\'83\'85\'83\'8c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'8f\'9f\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec]\b0  \'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'f3\'82\'af\'95\'74\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8b\'c9\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8f\'9f\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'aa\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'8a\'b4\'82\'b6\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'8b\'c9\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'82\'a2\'82\'c3\'82\'e7\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'97\'70\'93\'72\'82\'cd\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c9\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8a\'4f\'95\'74\'82\'af\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
\b\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c5\'81\'75\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'76\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'db\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'97\'cd\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'97\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'82\'c9\'8f\'6f\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8b\'ab\'8a\'45\'90\'fc\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8b\'ab\'8a\'45\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'cc\'8b\'df\'82\'ad\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'bb\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'411 \'89\'f1\'96\'da\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'81\'412 \'89\'f1\'96\'da\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'90\'b8\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'8d\'d7\'82\'a9\'82\'a2\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'4c\'81\'5b]\b0  \'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e \'83\'4c\'81\'5b]\b0  \'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'aa\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'41\'83\'6a\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Windows \'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'83\'41\'83\'6a\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42]\b0  \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'74\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'85\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc \b [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'95\'73\'88\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'93\'5f\'96\'c5\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'74\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'85\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc \b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Synaptics TouchPad \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'6f\'82\'cc\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'83\'87\'83\'93\'94\'d4\'8d\'86\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Synaptics \'82\'cc\'8d\'c5\'90\'56\'82\'cc\'93\'c1\'8b\'96\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc Web \'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b\'83\'66\'83\'85\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\b0\par
\'83\'66\'83\'85\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'d6\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'70\'94\'c9\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'97\'98\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'92\'b2\'90\'df\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'89\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'66\'83\'85\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'a6\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\b [\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'a6]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'83\'52\'81\'5b\'83\'69\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'89\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cd\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'92\'8d\'81\'46\b [\'8a\'4f\'95\'74\'82\'af\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'90\'da\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'95\'74\'82\'af\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'90\'da\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\par
\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd 6 \'82\'c2\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8d\'44\'82\'dd\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc 3 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8e\'63\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'8d\'cf\'82\'dd\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'a8\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-200\li200\tx200\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'64\'8e\'71\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'8f\'e3\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41ConfigFree \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'8c\'8e\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'93\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'93 \'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'aa\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'c9\'91\'97\'90\'4d\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\par
\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd 6 \'82\'c2\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8d\'44\'82\'dd\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'424 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8e\'63\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'8d\'cf\'82\'dd\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'a8\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-200\li200\tx200\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'64\'8e\'71\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'8f\'e3\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41Internet Explorer\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'8c\'8e\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'93\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'7d\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41BeatJam\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'8c\'8e\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'93\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'7d\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9dynabook\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8c\'eb\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'90\'da\'90\'47\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'82\'ae\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'43\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'47\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'94\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5]\b0  \'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac]\b0  \'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 1 \'82\'f0\'81\'75\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc Web \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'76\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 1 \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'81\'41Web \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'aa\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'8e\'bc\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'8d\'82\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68 \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68\'82\'aa\'96\'c2\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\b [\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68\'82\'cd\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'b8\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'47\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68\'82\'cd\'96\'c2\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'94\'f1\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'93\'5f\'93\'94\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\b [\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'b8\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'47\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
\b [\'94\'f1\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'8e\'9e\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'cc\'83\'8c\'83\'78\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'aa\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'ac\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'aa\'88\'c3\'82\'b7\'82\'ac\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'8e\'9e\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'cc\'83\'8c\'83\'78\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'aa\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'ac\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'aa\'88\'c3\'82\'b7\'82\'ac\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\par
\par
\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd 6 \'82\'c2\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8d\'44\'82\'dd\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc 3 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8e\'63\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'8d\'cf\'82\'dd\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'a8\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-200\li200\tx200\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'64\'8e\'71\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'8f\'e3\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41ConfigFree \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'8c\'8e\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'93\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'93 \'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41Windows \'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67 \'83\'4d\'83\'83\'83\'89\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'97\'e1\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f 1 \'82\'f0\'81\'75\'83\'56\'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'80 \'83\'7b\'83\'8a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'76\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f 1 \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'8a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c9\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\b0\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\b  [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0\par
\par
\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd 6 \'82\'c2\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'a8\'8d\'44\'82\'dd\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc 3 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8e\'63\'82\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'8d\'cf\'82\'dd\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'82\'a8\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-200\li200\tx200\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'84\'82\'e8\'93\'96\'82\'c4\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'93\'64\'8e\'71\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'8f\'e3\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41ConfigFree \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'82\'b5\'82\'ad\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'8c\'8e\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'93\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'93 \'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\'89\'45\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'43 \'83\'73\'83\'4e\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'5f\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
\b\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\b0\par
\par
\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'70\'94\'c9\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'46\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'43\'83\'7e\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'8a\'cf\'82\'e2\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'89\'b9\'82\'cc\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'e0\'97\'65\'88\'d5\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
LED \'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\par
\par
\b LED \'83\'43\'83\'8b\'83\'7e\'83\'6c\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc LED \'82\'cc\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc\b  [\'96\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'88\'c3\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\b  [\'88\'c3\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
\'83\'74\'83\'46\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'91\'ac\'93\'78\par
\par
\b [\'83\'74\'83\'46\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'91\'ac\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc LED \'82\'aa\'83\'74\'83\'46\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'83\'74\'83\'46\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc\b  [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'83\'74\'83\'46\'81\'5b\'83\'68 \'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\b  [\'91\'81\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\par
\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \b0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad] \b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c5\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad] \b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'89\'b9\par
\par
\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'89\'b9\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68 \'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41[\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6] \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'54\'83\'45\'83\'93\'83\'68 \'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'8a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'80\par
\par
\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'8a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'80]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'89\'b9\'82\'cc\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc\b  [\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'b9\'97\'ca\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\par
\par
\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41[\'8e\'51\'8f\'c6] \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
\b TouchPad \'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8b\'f7\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'82\'b5\'82\'ce\'82\'e7\'82\'ad\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'c3\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 TouchPad \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad \'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'f7\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'aa\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'f7\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
\b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8b\'f7\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'c4 TouchPad \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'89\'e6\'8a\'fa\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'90\'56\'82\'b5\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8f\'81\'5b\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'68\'83\'56\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'83\'66\'83\'57\'83\'5e\'83\'8b \'83\'43\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'81\'41\'82\'d9\'82\'c6\'82\'f1\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'e2\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'93\'83\'67 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'86\'83\'6a\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'c8\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 ChiralMotion (\'83\'4a\'83\'43\'83\'89\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'91\'ce\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8a\'8a\'82\'e7\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
ChiralMotion (\'83\'4a\'83\'43\'83\'89\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c6 \b [ChiralMotion \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'8b\'f7\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8a\'8a\'82\'e7\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'8a\'8a\'82\'e7\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
ChiralMotion (\'83\'4a\'83\'43\'83\'89\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c6 \b [ChiralMotion \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'8a\'8a\'82\'e7\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e2\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd]\b0  \'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
Momentum (\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'83\'80) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'67\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'88\'ea\'89\'f1\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Momentum (\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'83\'80) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'b7\'82\'ad\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'89\'bd\'93\'78\'82\'e0\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'94\'e6\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'83\'67\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'8e\'a9\'91\'52\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'aa\'93\'be\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Momentum (\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'83\'80) \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'43\'83\'80 \'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'89\'83\'65\'83\'57\'81\'5b (RTS) \'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'40\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'93 \'83\'56\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f (FPS) \'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'41\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'80 (RPG) \'82\'c9\'8d\'c5\'93\'4b\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [Momentum (\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'81\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'83\'80) \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'8a\'91\'96\'8b\'97\'97\'a3]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'88\'ea\'89\'f1\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'7e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'f0\'88\'ea\'89\'f1\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'93\'e0\'82\'c9\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'97\'af\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'82\'cb\'95\'d4\'82\'b7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'82\'cb\'95\'d4\'82\'b7\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'e2\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'97\'65\'88\'d5\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Pinch (\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'60) \'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Pinch (\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'60) \'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41CTRL \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc Windows \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
Pinch (\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'60) \'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8c\'dd\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'8b\'df\'95\'74\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'89\'93\'82\'b4\'82\'af\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'43\'83\'93\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8b\'df\'95\'74\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'89\'93\'82\'b4\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8b\'df\'95\'74\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4 ChiralMotion (\'83\'4a\'83\'43\'83\'89\'83\'8b\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93) \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'89\'e6\'8a\'fa\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'90\'56\'82\'b5\'82\'a2\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ad\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cd\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8c\'c0\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'91\'b1\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'91\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'91\'ce\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
\b\'8a\'67\'92\'a3\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\b0\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9 Synaptics TouchPad \'83\'5a\'83\'93\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'93\'c1\'8e\'ea\'82\'c8\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
\b\'92\'65\'82\'ad\b0\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'c9 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'88\'ea\'91\'b1\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'93\'af\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41Internet Explorer \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'75\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'81\'76\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0 90 \'93\'78\'82\'cc\'91\'9d\'95\'aa\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ChiralRotate \'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ChiralRotate \'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'8f\'63\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'aa 90 \'93\'78\'82\'cc\'91\'9d\'95\'aa\'82\'c5\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
\b\'81\'6d\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'60\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
\b\'81\'6dChiralRotate \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
\b\'81\'6d\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'60\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'81\'6d\'83\'73\'83\'93\'83\'60\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b\'81\'6d\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
ChiralRotate \'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'81\'6dChiralRotate \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b\'81\'6d\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'81\'6d\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b\'81\'6d\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
\'92\'65\'82\'dd\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'92\'65\'82\'dd\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 \b\'81\'6d\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'8f\'5d\'97\'88\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c9\'91\'e3\'82\'ed\'82\'e9\'8a\'76\'90\'56\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8f\'81\'5b\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'68\'83\'56\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'83\'66\'83\'57\'83\'5e\'83\'8b \'83\'43\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'81\'41\'82\'d9\'82\'c6\'82\'f1\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'e2\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'93\'83\'67 \'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc \'82\'50 \'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'fc\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8f\'5d\'97\'88\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'86\'83\'6a\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'c8\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9 ChiralMotion \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'91\'ce\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'90\'fc\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\b [\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\b [\'90\'fc\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'89\'83\'57\'83\'49 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
5.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
6.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8a\'8a\'82\'e7\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
ChiralMotion \'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\b [\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\b [ChiralMotion \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'89\'83\'57\'83\'49 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
5.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
6.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
7.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'d6\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'90\'fc\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\b [\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\b [\'90\'fc\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'89\'83\'57\'83\'49 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
5.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
6.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'8a\'8a\'82\'e7\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
ChiralMotion \'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\b [\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\b [\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\b [ChiralMotion \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'83\'89\'83\'57\'83\'49 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
5.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
6.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
7.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'d6\'8d\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e2\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd]\b0  \'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'83\'60\'83\'83\'83\'8b \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'81\'6d\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
\b\'8f\'8e\'82\'ad\b0\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'81\'6d\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8c\'e3\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8e\'9d\'82\'bf\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'b2\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'93\'c1\'97\'4c\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8c\'e3\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8e\'9d\'82\'bf\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'b2\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'93\'c1\'97\'4c\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \b0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc 1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8a\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b0\par
\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'90\'e0\'96\'be\'82\'c6\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'88\'ea\'95\'94\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'82\'ed\'82\'bd\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'8a\'d6\'98\'41\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'89\'a1\'82\'cc +\'81\'69\'83\'76\'83\'89\'83\'58\'8b\'4c\'8d\'86\'81\'6a\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8a\'d6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'c6\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'93\'e0\'97\'65\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \b0\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'cc\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'8f\'6f\'89\'d7\'8e\'9e\'82\'cc\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [OK] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \b0\par
\b [OK] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'81\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'f0\'88\'c8\'91\'4f\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93 \b0\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f] \b0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'c6\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b\'81\'6dMomentum \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'81\'6e \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
\b [\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'91\'9c\'8f\'88\'97\'9d\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c8\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41[\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93] \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'aa\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab [\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \b0\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'68\'83\'56\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'83\'66\'83\'57\'83\'5e\'83\'8b\'89\'e6\'91\'9c\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'81\'41\'82\'d9\'82\'c6\'82\'f1\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'82\'e2\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'97\'97\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'8b\'74\'8d\'73 \b0\par
\par
\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'8b\'74\'8d\'73] \b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'8b\'74\'8d\'73] \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'8b\'74\'8d\'73\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78] \b0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
\par
ChiralScrolling\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [ChiralScrolling \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ChiralScrolling \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67\'81\'76\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a2\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'f1 ChiralScrolling \'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'82\'c7\'82\'b1\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'92\'8d\'81\'46 \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'94\'bd\'91\'ce\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
3.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b 1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \b0\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8a\'59\'93\'96\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd] \b0\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'8d\'95\'82\'a2\'90\'b3\'95\'fb\'8c\'60\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \b0\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b0\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \b0\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ad\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cd\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b0\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
\b\'91\'c4\'90\'ab \b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'9d\'82\'bf\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'82\'a2\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'98\'41\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \b0\par
\par
\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'bd\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41CTRL \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc Windows \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'93\'82\'b4\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'43\'83\'93\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8b\'df\'95\'74\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'90\'e6\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
\b\'89\'f1\'93\'5d \b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'82\'e2\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7 \b0\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'e2\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'b8\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'7b\'97\'97\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'4f\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'82\'c9 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'49\'83\'93 \'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68 \b0\par
\par
\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'49\'83\'93 \'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'66\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'49\'83\'93 \'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'49\'83\'93 \'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'90\'65\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'95\'74\'82\'af\'8d\'aa\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'66\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'8e\'e8\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'e8\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \b0\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c8\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'aa\'8a\'77\'8f\'4b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'91\'4f\'82\'c9\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'93\'5f\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'c2\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'a2\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Ctrl \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'8c\'fb\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8f\'6f\'8c\'fb\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'90\'d4\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'90\'b3\'95\'fb\'8c\'60\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'93\'e0\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'82\'c9\'93\'9e\'92\'85\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc [\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart \'82\'cc M \'91\'80\'8d\'ec \b0\par
\par
HP MediaSmart \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'c5 M \'8e\'9a\'8c\'60\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [HP MediaSmart \'82\'cc M \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'81\'75M\'81\'76\'82\'cc\'8e\'9a\'82\'f0\'8f\'91\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab HP MediaSmart \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'8a\'67\'92\'a3\'8b\'40\'94\'5c \b0\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'70\'94\'c9\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\f1\'99\f0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'c2\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42EdgeMotion \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'e0 EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7 EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \b0\'82\'a9\'82\'e7 \b [1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \b0\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b] \b0\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8c\'70\'91\'b1\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \b0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
\b\'91\'c4\'90\'ab \b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d \b0\par
\par
\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'81\'41PDF \'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0 90 \'93\'78\'82\'b8\'82\'c2\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'95\'ca\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab 2 \'96\'7b\'96\'da\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'81\'41\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8e\'fc\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'8f\'f3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'8a\'75\'82\'aa\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67 \b0\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'82\'c5\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'8e\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
\par
ChiralRotate\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0 90 \'93\'78\'82\'b8\'82\'c2\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41[ChiralRotate \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ChiralRotate \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ChiralRotate \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67\'81\'76\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 \b0\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'aa\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc TouchPad \'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'95\'cf\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b7\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'c4\'82\'d1\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'8f\'f3\'91\'d4\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8a\'fa\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'59\'93\'96\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'8f\'f3\'91\'d4\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5 TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\b [TouchPad \'82\'f0 1 \'83\'5a\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'411 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93 \'83\'5a\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'92\'86 TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9f\'89\'f1\'82\'c9\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cd\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'7b\'97\'97\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'4f\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'7b\'97\'97\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'4f\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'7b\'97\'97\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'4f\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b\'89\'7e\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \b0\par
\par
\'89\'7e\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'7e\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'7e\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\i\'81\'75\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67\'81\'76\i0\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a2\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'f1\'89\'7e\'8c\'60\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'82\'c7\'82\'b1\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'92\'8d\'81\'46 \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'94\'bd\'91\'ce\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
3.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
\b\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5 1 \'89\'f1\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'be\'82\'af\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'f0\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'89\'88\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4 1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd] \b0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'aa\'89\'f0\'8c\'88\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
\b\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'82\'e2\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b\'82\'a8\'8b\'43\'82\'c9\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b \b0\par
\par
\'82\'a8\'8b\'43\'82\'c9\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'e2\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'82\'a8\'8b\'43\'82\'c9\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'b8\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b\'92\'65\'82\'ad \b0\par
\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'7b\'97\'97\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'8d\'73\'88\'d7\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'4f\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b \b0\par
\par
\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'66\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7a\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'90\'65\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\i\'95\'74\'82\'af\'8d\'aa\i0\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'66\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'8e\'e8\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'e8\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93 \b0\par
\par
\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'91\'a4\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'43\'83\'93\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41CTRL \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'81\'41Windows \'82\'cc\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'43\'83\'93\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'b3\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\b\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'83\'41\'83\'45\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'b3\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
\b TouchCheck \b0\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'eb\'82\'c1\'82\'c4 TouchPad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchCheck \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'e8\'82\'cc\'82\'d0\'82\'e7\'82\'aa TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'92\'86\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'c5\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'c5\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'aa\'8c\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc \b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5] \b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 TouchCheck \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'c5\'97\'5c\'8a\'fa\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc \b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac] \b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 TouchCheck \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'aa\'90\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'90\'ab\'82\'aa\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b\'89\'f1\'93\'5d \b0\par
\par
\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'81\'41Portable Document Format (PDF)\'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0 90 \'93\'78\'82\'b8\'82\'c2\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'95\'ca\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'95\'74\'8b\'df\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab 2 \'96\'7b\'96\'da\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'81\'41\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8e\'fc\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'8f\'f3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'8a\'75\'82\'aa\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'89\'f1\'93\'5d \b0\par
\par
TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'82\'c5\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'89\'f1\'93\'5d] \b0\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'8e\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'e2\'82\'b7\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'ac\'93\'78\b0\par
\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZone \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'cd 2 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickZone \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\b0\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZone \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'81\'41\'89\'45\'82\'cc 3 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickZone \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\b0\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cd\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'81\'41\b [\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZone \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'cd 2 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickZone \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93]\b0  (\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'89\'ba) \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c6\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c6\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickZone \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZone \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'81\'41\'89\'45\'82\'cc 3 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickZone \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickZone \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93]\b0 (\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'89\'ba) \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'c6\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'8a\'ae\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7 (\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87)\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'83\'57\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'76]\b0\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa Windows \'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9 \b [\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'67] \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\b0\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c9\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'c6\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'f0\'8a\'b7\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'8a\'ae\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0 \b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'45\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
ClickButtons \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd ClickPad \'96\'ca\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0 1 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'81\'75\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'cc\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [ClickButtons \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'81\'41\b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickButtons \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\b0\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickPad \'96\'ca\'82\'aa\'82\'d6\'82\'b1\'82\'f1\'82\'be\'8a\'b4\'82\'b6\'82\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5 1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'411 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickPad \'96\'ca\'82\'aa\'82\'d6\'82\'b1\'82\'f1\'82\'be\'8a\'b4\'82\'b6\'82\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickPad \'96\'ca\'82\'aa\'82\'d6\'82\'b1\'82\'f1\'82\'be\'8a\'b4\'82\'b6\'82\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5 3 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
ClickButtons \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd ClickPad \'96\'ca\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0 1 \'82\'c2\'82\'cc\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'81\'75\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'81\'76\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [ClickButtons \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'81\'41\b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickButtons \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickButtons \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93]\b0  (\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'89\'ba) \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8a\'4f\'95\'94\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'cc \b [\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4 \b [\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1 \b [\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e]\b0  \'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickButtons \'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
TwistRotate \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'81\'41Portable Document Format (PDF) \'83\'74\'83\'40\'83\'43\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [TwistRotate \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b TwistRotate \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'91\'ce\'8f\'db\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'cd\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'68\'83\'41\'83\'6d\'83\'75\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'82\'b7\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41ClickZone \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8b\'ad\'92\'b2\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4 ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'ea\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc ClickZone \'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'96\'da\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b7\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickZone \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41ClickZone \'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9 ClickZone \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickZone \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c6 ClickZone]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'c9\'91\'8a\'93\'96\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b 1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8b\'ad\'92\'b2\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab ClickPad \'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab ClickPad \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b7\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e & \'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'c5\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8b\'ad\'92\'b2\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab ClickPad \'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab ClickPad \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b7\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41Scroll Pad \'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'ad\'82\'e7\'82\'a2\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
Scroll Pad \'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'8e\'bc\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'8d\'82\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6 Scroll Pad \'82\'aa\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41Scroll Pad \'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\f1\'99\f0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'eb\'82\'c1\'82\'c4 Scroll Pad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42PalmCheck \'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'e8\'82\'cc\'82\'d0\'82\'e7\'82\'aa Scroll Pad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'92\'86\'82\'c9 Scroll Pad \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'f0\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'94\'f0\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'c5\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'96\'bc\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'89\'bd\'82\'e0\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'96\'88\'89\'f1\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93]\b0   \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\b [\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'cc\'92\'f6\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'cc\'92\'f6\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'74\'83\'42\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'83\'68\'82\'c5\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
[\'83\'47\'83\'62\'83\'57 \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'8b\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'8a\'d4\'88\'e1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8e\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'92\'5b\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cd\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'96\'d4\'96\'da\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'83\'6e\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'81\'41\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'cd\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'89\'65\'8b\'bf\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'d3\'90\'7d\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c6\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'f0\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5 TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'90\'da\'90\'47\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8e\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'93\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'ea\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'83\'8a\'83\'5a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'cd TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'88\'c8\'8a\'4f\'82\'cc\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cd\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'92\'ca\'82\'e8\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'83\'8a\'83\'5a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'81\'41\'97\'cc\'88\'e6\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'89\'65\'8b\'bf\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'c5\'97\'c7\'82\'cc\'8c\'8b\'89\'ca\'82\'f0\'93\'be\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9 PalmCheck \'82\'f0\'89\'c1\'82\'a6\'82\'c4\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41Scroll Sensor \'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'ad\'82\'e7\'82\'a2\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
Scroll Sensor \'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'8e\'bc\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'8d\'82\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'cc \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6 Scroll Sensor \'82\'aa\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41Scroll Sensor \'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'8a\'b4\'93\'78]\b0  \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
[2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76] \'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'93\'af\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 2 \'89\'f1\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42(\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42)\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'96\'d4\'96\'da\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'83\'6e\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b ClickPad \'82\'c6\'82\'cd\b0\par
\par
Synaptics \'82\'cc ClickPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cd\'81\'41Synaptics TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c6\'93\'af\'97\'6c\'82\'cc\'90\'bb\'95\'69\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5 ClickPad \'82\'cd\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'82\'d6\'82\'b1\'82\'dd\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ClickPad \'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'96\'7b\'95\'a8\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c8\'8a\'b4\'8a\'6f\'82\'aa\'93\'be\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41ClickPad \'82\'cd\'96\'7b\'95\'a8\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'e2\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'91\'e3\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ClickPad \'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'cc 1 \'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx200\par
\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\b0\par
\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'8b\'be\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'8b\'be\'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59 (\'8a\'65\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9 100 \'81\'60 400 \'83\'73\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'8b) \'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67 \'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'8c\'83\'78\'83\'8b \'82\'f0\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'96\'da\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'4f\'8a\'70 (\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'8b\'be) \'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'97\'76\'97\'cc\'82\'c5\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'8b\'be\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'82\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'83\'8c\'83\'78\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'91\'9d\'8c\'b8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8a\'67\'91\'e5\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c5 Esc \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'92\'ca\'8f\'ed\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\b0\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'93\'af\'97\'6c\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9 TouchPad \'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8f\'63\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\b0\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8f\'63\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'43 \'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'82\'c6\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e \'83\'58\'83\'43\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'7d\'83\'43 \'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'a6] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'8f\'e3\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b (\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4) \'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'7d\'83\'43 \'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'ba\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b0\par
\pard\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'92\'5b\'8b\'df\'82\'ad\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 3 \'96\'7b (\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4) \'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'8c\'fc\'82\'a9\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e \'83\'58\'83\'43\'83\'62\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
5.\tab 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'45\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
6.\tab\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8b\'ad\'92\'b2\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'90\'d8\'82\'e8\'91\'d6\'82\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\f1\'99\f0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'c2\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 EdgeMotion \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'e0 EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'92\'86\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
\b TouchPad \'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 TouchPad \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad \'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad \'82\'aa\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
[2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76] \'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'93\'af\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 2 \'89\'f1\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42(\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'cd\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42)\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c9\'8f\'5d\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76]\b0  \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c5 \b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc \b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'95\'cf\'82\'ed\'82\'e8\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8d\'c4\'82\'d1\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'e0\'82\'a4 \'88\'ea\'93\'78\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c8\'8f\'f3\'91\'d4\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
\b [TouchPad\f1\'99\f0 \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'8f\'f3\'91\'d4\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0 \'82\'f0\'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
\b [TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0 1 \'83\'5a\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'49\'83\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'5a\'83\'62\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'92\'86 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'9f\'89\'f1\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'49\'83\'93\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cd\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\b0\par
[\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41Scroll Sensor \'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'93\'9a\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'e0 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0\'82\'a9\'82\'e7 \b [1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0  \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'82\'cc \b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'8b\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'411 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'88\'d3\'90\'7d\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'90\'84\'91\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'bf\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8a\'d4\'88\'e1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'8b\'43\'82\'aa\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'8b\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'8b\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'88\'d3\'90\'7d\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'90\'84\'91\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'bf\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'83\'70\'83\'62\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'e3\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'96\'d4\'96\'da\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'95\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'83\'6e\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'96\'d4\'96\'da\'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'8a\'4f\'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8e\'8b\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8a\'d4\'88\'e1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'412 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'81\'41\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'74\'83\'42\'83\'8b\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e9\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\par
\'95\'a1\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e9\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'70\'94\'c9\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'bc\'82\'ea\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'82\'d7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'65\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b 2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 2 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ad\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cd\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8a\'77\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'97\'97\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'cd\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'97\'bc\'95\'fb\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'8f\'e3\'82\'c5 2 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'89\'bc\'91\'7a\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'b7\'82\'a2\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8a\'79\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'82\'ad\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\b0\par
[\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c8\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'91\'4f\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'93\'5f\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'93\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'54\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cd\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'a2\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'82\'c9\'91\'53\'91\'cc\'82\'f0\'8c\'a9\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'c5\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42Ctrl \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'82\'aa\'93\'fc\'82\'e8\'8c\'fb\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'90\'c2\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'cc\'8f\'6f\'8c\'fb\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'89\'a9\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'93\'5f\'93\'e0\'82\'cc\'90\'d4\'90\'46\'82\'cc\'90\'b3\'95\'fb\'8c\'60\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'93\'e0\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'8a\'f3\'96\'5d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'96\'c0\'98\'48\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
4.\tab\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'cc\'90\'c2\'82\'a2\'93\'5f\'82\'c9\'93\'9e\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e7\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'97\'fb\'8f\'4b\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\b0\par
\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'bd\'90\'94\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41Ctrl \'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'aa\'82\'e7\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc Windows \'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'7a\'83\'43\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41[\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8a\'77\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'97\'97\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'90\'e6\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'8f\'e3\'8e\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'ac\'93\'78\b0\par
\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'c2\'82\'dc\'82\'dd\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
\'82\'e4\'82\'c1\'82\'ad\'82\'e8\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'83\'59\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0 90 \'93\'78\'82\'b8\'82\'c2\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8a\'77\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'97\'97\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'aa\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\b0\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'82\'c5\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41 [\'89\'45\'8a\'70\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'8e\'e8\'82\'c5\'83\'73\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'67\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8d\'db\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\f1\'99\f0 \'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
ChiralRotate\f1\'99\f0 \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0 90 \'93\'78\'82\'b8\'82\'c2\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42ChiralRotate\f1\'99\f0 \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ChiralRotate\f1\'99\f0 \'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'81\'69\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'81\'6a\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'4e\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8a\'77\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'97\'97\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'8a\'4a\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\b0\par
[\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'8c\'eb\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'dd\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c8\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'62\'83\'68\'83\'56\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'81\'41\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'83\'66\'83\'57\'83\'5e\'83\'8b \'83\'43\'83\'81\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'81\'41\'82\'d9\'82\'c6\'82\'f1\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'8b\'74\'8d\'73\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'95\'57\'8f\'80\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'6f\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'b6\'8f\'91\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling\b0\f1\'99\f0\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c9\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'c4\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c5\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41[ChiralScrolling \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9] \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
ChiralScrolling \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'91\'a4\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'51\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'ba\'95\'94\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'94\'bd\'8e\'9e\'8c\'76\'89\'f1\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ab\'8e\'6e\'82\'df\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'a2\'82\'c1\'82\'bd\'82\'f1 ChiralScrolling \'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'7e\'82\'f0\'95\'60\'82\'ad\'8d\'db\'82\'c9 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'82\'c7\'82\'b1\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'82\'a9\'82\'dc\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'92\'8d\'81\'46 \'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'95\'cf\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'8b\'74\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'94\'bd\'91\'ce\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\b0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'8d\'95\'82\'a2\'90\'b3\'95\'fb\'8c\'60\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'cc\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c5\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\b0\par
\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'82\'e2\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'91\'bc\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'89\'f1\'93\'5d\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0 \b0\u8482?\par
PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'eb\'82\'c1\'82\'c4 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'e8\'82\'cc\'95\'bd\'82\'aa TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a9\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'92\'86\'82\'c9 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c9\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'f0 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c5\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'90\'47\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'96\'b3\'8e\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'96\'68\'8e\'7e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\b0\par
PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'fc\'97\'cd\'82\'e2\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'82\'ad\'82\'b9\'82\'c9\'8d\'87\'82\'ed\'82\'b9\'82\'c4\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c5\'95\'73\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'aa\'8b\'4e\'82\'b1\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'88\'d3\'90\'7d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 PalmCheck\f1\'99\f0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'aa\'90\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'e2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'90\'ab\'82\'aa\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b\'92\'65\'82\'dd\b0\u8482?\par
\'92\'65\'82\'dd\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'f0\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'91\'81\'82\'a2\'81\'41\'83\'67\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'93\'af\'97\'6c\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5 1 \'89\'f1\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'5b\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'65\'82\'dd\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'83\'67\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cc\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'80\'81\'5b\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'8e\'a9\'91\'52\'82\'c8\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'93\'be\'82\'e7\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'92\'b7\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'c9\'82\'ed\'82\'bd\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'e9\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b5\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'e2\'94\'e6\'82\'ea\'82\'f0\'8c\'79\'8c\'b8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'92\'65\'82\'dd\'82\'cd\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'83\'8b \'83\'5e\'83\'43\'83\'80 \'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'89\'83\'65\'83\'57\'81\'5b\'81\'69RTS\'81\'6a\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'40\'81\'5b\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'93 \'83\'56\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'81\'69FPS\'81\'6a\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'41\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b \'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'80\'81\'69RPG\'81\'6a\'82\'c9\'8d\'c5\'93\'4b\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b\'8a\'8a\'91\'96\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\b0\par
\'8a\'8a\'91\'96\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'8f\'e3\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'89\'9e\'82\'b6\'82\'c4\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42 \'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'8e\'7e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'411 \'89\'f1\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8a\'8a\'91\'96\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'f0\'92\'b7\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'92\'b7\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'92\'5a\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'92\'5a\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'82\'cd\'82\'cb\'95\'d4\'82\'b5\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'f0\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'73\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'5e\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'93\'e0\'82\'c9\'97\'af\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'82\'cd\'82\'cb\'95\'d4\'82\'b5\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'8d\'80\'96\'da\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'8b\'df\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'8a\'79\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0\b0\par
EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'c2\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'89\'8f\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'aa\'92\'42\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'91\'b1\'82\'af\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'e0 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'83\'54\'83\'7c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'92\'86\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b]\b0\'82\'c5 [\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'8e\'9e\'82\'c9 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\b0\par
\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'cc EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'c5\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'8d\'95\'82\'a2\'90\'b3\'95\'fb\'8c\'60\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'93\'e0\'91\'a4\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'88\'d3\'90\'7d\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'6e\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'a4\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'c5\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'91\'ac\'93\'78\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'8f\'ed\'82\'c9\'88\'ea\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b\'83\'86\'81\'5b\'83\'55\'81\'5b\'95\'e2\'8f\'95\b0\par
\'83\'86\'81\'5b\'83\'55\'81\'5b\'95\'e2\'8f\'95\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'93\'e0\'82\'c9\'97\'af\'82\'df\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'c0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c8\'82\'c7\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c9\'97\'af\'82\'df\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ad\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'8a\'4f\'82\'d6\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'c4\'93\'78\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'f0\'8e\'8e\'82\'dd\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'8a\'4f\'82\'c9\'8f\'6f\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8e\'7e\'82\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'8e\'fc\'95\'d3\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'83\'52\'83\'93\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'83\'54\'83\'43\'83\'59\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b9\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cd\'8f\'49\'92\'5b\'82\'cc\'90\'b3\'8a\'6d\'82\'c8\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'c5\'92\'e2\'8e\'7e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'81\'41\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'8d\'d7\'82\'a9\'82\'a2\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'82\'cc\'90\'b8\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'cc\'93\'ae\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'e6\'91\'9c\'8f\'88\'97\'9d\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'4f\'83\'89\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c8\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'82\'e6\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'97\'42\'88\'ea\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'90\'47\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'ad\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'78\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'f8\'97\'a6\'82\'aa\'88\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'421 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'412 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'90\'94\'89\'f1\'83\'58\'83\'67\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'89\'e6\'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'92\'5b\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f \'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8c\'e3\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'91\'b1\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'f0\'82\'e0\'82\'a4\'88\'ea\'93\'78\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'8e\'6c\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'83\'4a\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'82\'d9\'82\'c6\'82\'f1\'82\'c7\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'8e\'9e\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'90\'df\'96\'f1\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8f\'c8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\b0\par
\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'be\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'90\'dd\'92\'e8] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'54\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'83\'70\'81\'5b\'83\'65\'83\'42\'82\'cc TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'83\'76\'83\'89\'83\'4f\'83\'43\'83\'93 \'83\'5c\'83\'74\'83\'67\'83\'45\'83\'46\'83\'41\'82\'f0\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'58\'83\'67\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'91\'bd\'82\'ad\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'97\'98\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'97\'42\'88\'ea\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'cd\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'95\'ca\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'a6\'82\'ce\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'81\'75\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'c5 Web \'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'ad\'81\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'92\'e8\'8b\'60\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'82\'cc\'89\'45\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'d1\'82\'c9 Web \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'aa\'8e\'a9\'93\'ae\'93\'49\'82\'c9\'8a\'4a\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\b0\par
\'83\'68\'83\'8d\'83\'62\'83\'76\'83\'5f\'83\'45\'83\'93 \'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'96\'88\'89\'f1\'8d\'73\'82\'ed\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'66\'83\'6f\'83\'43\'83\'58\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'4a\'83\'58\'83\'5e\'83\'7d\'83\'43\'83\'59\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c8\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'5a\'83\'58\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'81\'83\'6a\'83\'85\'81\'5b \'83\'63\'83\'8a\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'89\'a1\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'89\'bb\'82\'c6\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'89\'bb\b0\par
\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'96\'b3\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\b0\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'8b\'ad\'92\'b2\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'c9\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'96\'bc\'91\'4f\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42 \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'c6\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'90\'65\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76\b0\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'47\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'87\'83\'93 \'83\'7d\'81\'5b\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'52\'83\'93\'82\'c6 [\'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'77\'83\'8b\'83\'76\'8f\'ee\'95\'f1\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc [\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'e9] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5 \b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [OK]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'cd\'89\'69\'8b\'76\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
[\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc[\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8d\'48\'8f\'ea\'8f\'6f\'89\'d7\'8e\'9e\'82\'cc\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc[\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cd\'8c\'bb\'8d\'dd\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'cc\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8d\'48\'8f\'ea\'8f\'6f\'89\'d7\'8e\'9e\'82\'cc\'92\'6c\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42[\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5 \b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70]\b0  \'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd \b [OK]\b0  \'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'cd\'89\'69\'8b\'76\'82\'c9\'93\'4b\'97\'70\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [OK] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
[OK] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b]\b0\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\par
[\'83\'4c\'83\'83\'83\'93\'83\'5a\'83\'8b] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'95\'c2\'82\'b6\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'93\'4b\'97\'70] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\b0\par
[\'93\'4b\'97\'70] \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'db\'91\'b6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9 [\'83\'76\'83\'8d\'83\'70\'83\'65\'83\'42] \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\b0\par
[\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78] \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'aa\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f\b0\par
[\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f] \'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'67\'82\'c6\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'83\'4a\'81\'5b\'83\'5c\'83\'8b\'82\'cc\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\b0\par
[\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78] \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'c7\'82\'cc\'82\'ad\'82\'e7\'82\'a2\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8a\'d4\'88\'e1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'8e\'bc\'93\'78\'82\'cc\'8d\'82\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'c5\'8d\'ec\'8b\'c6\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8f\'64\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8b\'ad\'82\'ad\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c6 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'e2\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'aa\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c9\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'8c\'79\'82\'ad]\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'b0\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\b0\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cd TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'95\'5c\'96\'ca\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cd\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'96\'ca\'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'92\'75\'82\'ad\'82\'c6\'81\'41TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'92\'5b\'82\'c9\'96\'ee\'88\'f3\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'88\'ca\'92\'75\'82\'f0\'8e\'a6\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8e\'77\'82\'aa TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'83\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'75\'82\'c8\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'90\'7d\'82\'cc\'91\'ce\'89\'9e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93 \'83\'47\'83\'8a\'83\'41\'82\'aa\'93\'68\'82\'e8\'82\'c2\'82\'d4\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8e\'ce\'90\'fc\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'cc\'8a\'70\'82\'c9\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'8d\'95\'82\'a2\'90\'b3\'95\'fb\'8c\'60\'82\'cc\'82\'a2\'82\'b8\'82\'ea\'82\'a9\'82\'f0\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b5\'82\'c9\'82\'ad\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'91\'e5\'82\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8a\'d4\'88\'e1\'82\'c1\'82\'c4\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'94\'cd\'88\'cd\'82\'f0\'8f\'ac\'82\'b3\'82\'ad\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8a\'44\'90\'46\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76 \'83\'5d\'81\'5b\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9]\b0  \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\b0\par
\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'90\'e6\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'81\'41\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'94\'82\'f0\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'82\'bd\'82\'bd\'82\'ab\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8b\'ad\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'92\'78\'82\'a2\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8c\'f8\'97\'a6\'82\'aa\'88\'ab\'82\'ad\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'421 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'56\'83\'93\'83\'4f\'83\'8b \'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'412 \'89\'f1\'82\'cc\'98\'41\'91\'b1\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'76\'82\'cd\'83\'5f\'83\'75\'83\'8b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'8f\'e3\'95\'94\'82\'f0\'91\'66\'91\'81\'82\'ad\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8c\'79\'82\'ad\'90\'54\'8f\'64\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'82\'e0\'8c\'f8\'89\'ca\'93\'49\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'88\'db\'8e\'9d\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'83\'56\'83\'7e\'83\'85\'83\'8c\'81\'5b\'83\'67\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'c1\'82\'b7\'82\'ae\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'89\'ba\'82\'b0\'82\'c4\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8f\'e3\'89\'ba\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'bb\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'e0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'89\'f0\'8f\'9c\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'97\'42\'88\'ea\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'cd\'95\'a8\'97\'9d\'93\'49\'82\'c8\'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'82\'dd\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'90\'e6\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'cd\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'82\'aa\'81\'41\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'81\'41\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'cd\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b9\'82\'f1\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'83\'68\'83\'89\'83\'62\'83\'4f\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cc\'90\'e6\'92\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'83\'49\'83\'75\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c5\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'82\'e6\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'bd\'8f\'f3\'91\'d4\'82\'f0\'95\'db\'82\'bf\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'49\'83\'76\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'c6\'82\'ab\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'8e\'c0\'8d\'73\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58\b0\par
\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58 \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8c\'83\'58\'81\'45\'83\'5a\'83\'8c\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c6\'82\'dd\'82\'c8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'8a\'c8\'92\'50\'82\'c9\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'58 \'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'e0\'94\'46\'8e\'af\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'89\'bd\'93\'78\'82\'e0\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b\'83\'5e\'83\'62\'83\'60\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\b0\par
\'8a\'b4\'93\'78\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'93\'c1\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'c5\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b7\'82\'cc\'82\'c9\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'4f \'83\'58\'83\'65\'83\'42\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'d6\'82\'cc\'90\'47\'88\'b3\'82\'f0\'90\'a7\'8c\'e4\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\b0\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b3\'82\'dc\'82\'b4\'82\'dc\'82\'c8\'83\'41\'83\'76\'83\'8a\'83\'50\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'69\'83\'72\'83\'51\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'c9\'95\'d6\'97\'98\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67\'82\'cc\'89\'7b\'97\'97\'82\'e2\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41 \'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'8e\'ca\'90\'5e\'8a\'d4\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c9\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'81\'413 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'cc\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'c6\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'c9\'82\'e0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'c6\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b\'82\'c9 3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'92\'65\'82\'ad\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'95\'fb\'96\'40\'82\'f0\'8a\'77\'8f\'4b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'72\'83\'66\'83\'49\'82\'f0\'82\'b2\'97\'97\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'92\'86\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'8e\'77\'82\'cc\'8a\'d4\'82\'f0\'8f\'ad\'82\'b5\'97\'a3\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'85\'95\'bd\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\par
\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8d\'b6\'89\'45\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'67\'83\'72\'83\'85\'81\'5b\'83\'41\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'81\'5b\'83\'6c\'83\'62\'83\'67 \'83\'75\'83\'89\'83\'45\'83\'55\'82\'cc\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'c5\'83\'79\'81\'5b\'83\'57\'82\'f0\'91\'4f\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'8e\'9f\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'92\'65\'82\'ad\par
\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'83\'56\'83\'87\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'68\'82\'f0\'8f\'49\'97\'b9\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'c4 EdgeMotion\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'91\'ac\'93\'78\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'91\'ac\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'91\'ac\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'81\'41\'92\'78\'82\'ad\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b [\'92\'78\'82\'ad]\b0\'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'8d\'81\'5b \'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8a\'4a\'8e\'6e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'bd\'82\'df\'82\'cc\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67 \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'90\'a7\'96\'f1\'83\'82\'81\'5b\'83\'56\'83\'87\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'8a\'d4\'82\'c9\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'4c\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'82\'dc\'82\'dc\'82\'c9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'97\'a3\'82\'b7\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'81\'41\'83\'7c\'83\'43\'83\'93\'83\'5e\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'89\'82\'c9\'93\'ae\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'bd\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'c9\'88\'da\'93\'ae\'95\'fb\'8c\'fc\'82\'aa\'8c\'c0\'92\'e8\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b\'83\'4a\'83\'6f\'81\'5b \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\b0\par
\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'66\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'67\'83\'62\'83\'76\'8f\'e3\'82\'c5\'8a\'4a\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'f0\'82\'b7\'82\'d7\'82\'c4\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b1\'82\'cc\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8c\'4a\'82\'e8\'95\'d4\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'4a\'83\'6f\'81\'5b \'83\'57\'83\'46\'83\'58\'83\'60\'83\'83\'81\'5b\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'88\'c8\'89\'ba\'82\'cc\'8e\'e8\'8f\'87\'82\'c5\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200\tx200\par
1.\tab TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'8f\'e3\'82\'c9\'8e\'77\'82\'f0 4 \'96\'7b\'95\'bd\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'cc\'91\'e5\'95\'94\'95\'aa\'82\'f0\'95\'a2\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
2.\tab\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'aa\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'89\'bb\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'8c\'b3\'82\'c9\'96\'df\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b3\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'82\'c5\'92\'75\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'a8\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
3.\tab TouchPad\f1\'99\f0  \'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'95\'fa\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\pard\tx200\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
 \'83\'58\'83\'7d\'81\'5b\'83\'67 \'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cd\'95\'73\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8 TouchPad\f1\'99\f0 \'93\'ae\'8d\'ec\'82\'cc\'8d\'ed\'8c\'b8\'82\'c9\'96\'f0\'97\'a7\'82\'bf\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c9\'82\'c2\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8a\'65\'8b\'40\'94\'5c\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
ClickPad \'82\'cc\'94\'43\'88\'d3\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8f\'8a\'82\'f0\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8d\'b6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'411 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b3\'82\'a6\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'8d\'b6\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'422 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'89\'45\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'423 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b7\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'92\'86\'89\'9b\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a2\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\b\'81\'6d2 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'6e\b0  \'82\'a8\'82\'e6\'82\'d1 \b\'81\'6d3 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'81\'6e\b0  \'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'92\'ca\'82\'e8\'82\'c9\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'f0\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41ClickPad \'96\'ca\'82\'aa\'82\'d6\'82\'b1\'82\'f1\'82\'be\'8a\'b4\'82\'b6\'82\'aa\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'dc\'82\'c5 1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'89\'9f\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'421 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'cd\'8d\'b6\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'cc\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'c9\'91\'8a\'93\'96\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
\'83\'66\'83\'74\'83\'48\'83\'8b\'83\'67\'82\'c5\'82\'cd\'81\'41CickPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'89\'ba\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0 1 \'96\'7b\'82\'cc\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'89\'45\'83\'7d\'83\'45\'83\'58 \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'cc\'82\'c6\'93\'af\'82\'b6\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'aa\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'8b\'f7\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'8d\'73\'82\'a4\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'cd\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'88\'d9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'8e\'77\'92\'e8\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'8a\'83\'58\'83\'67\'82\'a9\'82\'e7\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'f0\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'91\'80\'8d\'ec\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'82\'e0\'82\'cc\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e8\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'8f\'da\'8d\'d7\'82\'c8\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'aa\'95\'4b\'97\'76\'82\'c8\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'aa\'97\'4c\'8c\'f8\'82\'c9\'82\'c8\'82\'e9\'82\'a9\'81\'41\'83\'5f\'83\'43\'83\'41\'83\'8d\'83\'4f \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\b [\'90\'dd\'92\'e8]\b0  \'83\'7b\'83\'5e\'83\'93\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'81\'41\'82\'a2\'82\'c2\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'95\'5c\'8e\'a6\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'95\'cf\'8d\'58\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'8d\'b6\'97\'98\'82\'ab\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'cc\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41ClickPad \'82\'cc\'8d\'b6\'89\'ba\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'c5\'93\'ae\'82\'ad\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'f0\'92\'b2\'90\'ae\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'b3\'82\'e7\'82\'c9\'89\'93\'82\'ad\'82\'dc\'82\'c5\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b\'81\'6d\'8d\'c5\'91\'e5\'81\'6e\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'e6\'82\'e8\'92\'5a\'82\'a2\'8b\'97\'97\'a3\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'82\'c9\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'f0 \b\'81\'6d\'8d\'c5\'8f\'ac\'81\'6e\b0  \'82\'cc\'95\'fb\'82\'d6\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'5f\'82\'aa\'93\'ae\'82\'a9\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\'81\'6d\'91\'c4\'90\'ab\'82\'f0\'8e\'67\'97\'70\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'81\'6e\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b 1 \'96\'7b\'8e\'77\'82\'c5\'82\'cc\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\b0\par
\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'c5\'82\'ab\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'f0\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'81\'41TouchPad \'82\'cc\'89\'45\'92\'5b\'82\'c5\'8e\'77\'82\'f0\'8f\'e3\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'89\'ba\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'89\'83\'43\'83\'68\'82\'b3\'82\'b9\'82\'e9\'82\'c6\'90\'82\'92\'bc\'82\'c9\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\par
\par
\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'82\'aa\'94\'bd\'89\'9e\'82\'b5\'82\'c8\'82\'a2\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'81\'41\'8a\'59\'93\'96\'82\'b7\'82\'e9\'83\'60\'83\'46\'83\'62\'83\'4e \'83\'7b\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'83\'58\'82\'aa\'91\'49\'91\'f0\'82\'b3\'82\'ea\'82\'c4\'82\'a2\'82\'c4\'81\'41\'83\'4e\'83\'8a\'83\'62\'83\'4e\'82\'b5\'82\'bd\'83\'45\'83\'42\'83\'93\'83\'68\'83\'45\'82\'dc\'82\'bd\'82\'cd\'83\'41\'83\'43\'83\'65\'83\'80\'82\'aa\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'89\'c2\'94\'5c\'82\'c5\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'82\'b1\'82\'c6\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'dc\'82\'b7\'81\'42\'82\'bb\'82\'ea\'82\'c5\'82\'e0\'96\'e2\'91\'e8\'82\'aa\'82\'a0\'82\'e9\'8f\'ea\'8d\'87\'82\'cd\'81\'41\b [\'83\'58\'83\'4e\'83\'8d\'81\'5b\'83\'8b\'94\'cd\'88\'cd]\b0  \'82\'cc\'90\'dd\'92\'e8\'82\'f0\'8a\'6d\'94\'46\'82\'b5\'82\'c4\'82\'ad\'82\'be\'82\'b3\'82\'a2\'81\'42\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0410\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0510200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1109200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0222201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Argomento della Guida non definito\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
Questa finestra \b Propriet\'e0\b0  consente di personalizzare le impostazioni per il dispositivo di puntamento. Usare la struttura dei menu riportata a sinistra per accedere alle funzioni personalizzabili.\par
\par
\b Utilizzo della finestra Propriet\'e0\b0\par
Fare clic su una funzione nella struttura dei menu per visualizzare una pagina di impostazioni per la funzione in questione. Alcune funzioni hanno diverse pagine di impostazioni. Fare clic sul segno \b +\b0  accanto ad una funzione per visualizzare tutte le pagine ad essa corrispondenti. Le impostazioni appaiono nella finestra situata a destra della struttura dei menu. Le informazioni su queste opzioni e le istruzioni su come modificarle appaiono in questa casella informativa. \'c8 possibile usare la barra di scorrimento per visualizzare il contenuto di questa casella.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Predef.\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Predef.\b0  riporta tutte le impostazioni della pagina corrente ai valori di fabbrica.\par
\par
\b Pulsante OK\b0\par
Il pulsante \b OK\b0  salva le modifiche apportate e chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Annulla\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Annulla\b0  chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0 senza salvare le modifiche apportate e ripristina tutte le impostazioni precedenti.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Applica\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Applica\b0  salva le modifiche apportate, mantenendo comunque aperta la finestra Propriet\'e0 in modo da poterne apportare altre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
La casella di controllo \b Abilita le azioni dei pulsanti\b0  abilita i pulsanti di tipo mouse per questo dispositivo di puntamento. Per configurare l'azione eseguita alla pressione di un pulsante, selezionare il nome del pulsante stesso dalla struttura dei menu. \'c8 possibile ad esempio definire il pulsante destro in modo che porti ad una pagina Web nel browser predefinito. In questo caso, ogni volta che si fa clic con il pulsante destro sul dispositivo di puntamento, il browser Web si apre automaticamente e carica la pagina specificata.\par
\par
Se l'opzione \b Abilita le azioni dei pulsanti\b0  non \'e8 selezionata, i pulsanti sono disabilitati e la loro pressione non d\'e0 alcun risultato; il tocco \'e8 quindi l'unico modo per fare clic con il dispositivo di puntamento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Scorri elemento sotto il puntatore\b0\par
L'opzione Scorri elemento sotto il puntatore consente di scorrere il contenuto della finestra dell'applicazione attiva in cui si trova correntemente il puntatore. Se il puntatore non si trova nella finestra attiva, non sar\'e0 possibile scorrere alcun elemento.\par
Ad esempio, in Esplora risorse: se il puntatore si trova nel pannello di sinistra, scorrer\'e0 l'albero che raffigura la struttura delle directory; se il puntatore si trova nel pannello di destra, scorrer\'e0 la casella di riepilogo a destra. Facendo clic su un'altra applicazione, l'azione di scorrimento non verr\'e0 pi\'f9 eseguita all'interno di Esplora risorse, anche se il puntatore si trova in una delle sue finestre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione dall'elenco di cui sopra per assegnarla ad un pulsante selezionato. L'azione selezionata si verifica ogni volta che si preme il pulsante.\par
\par
Qualora non fosse possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco, accertarsi che i pulsanti siano abilitati. Per abilitare i pulsanti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Pulsanti\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita le azioni dei pulsanti\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare il pulsante dalla struttura dei menu \b Pulsanti\b0  per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Questo pulsante richiama una finestra di dialogo di configurazione relativa all'azione selezionata nella casella di riepilogo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
La funzione \b Premi e seleziona\b0  consente di usare i movimenti di tocco e pressione per eseguire i clic del mouse.\par
\par
Toccando o premendo sulla punta dello stilo di puntamento si ottiene lo stesso risultato del clic con il pulsante sinistro del mouse. Questi movimenti potrebbero tuttavia risultare pi\'f9 rapidi e pratici del pulsante del mouse.\par
\par
Il tocco comporta un movimento rapido del dito sulla punta dello stilo di puntamento. Un tocco leggero e rapido d\'e0 i risultati migliori, mentre un tocco accentuato o prolungato non d\'e0 gli stessi risultati. Toccare una volta per un singolo clic, oppure due volte in successione rapida per un doppio clic.\par
\par
La pressione comporta la pressione rapida sulla punta dello stilo di puntamento con il dito. Una pressione leggera e decisa d\'e0 i risultati migliori. Premere direttamente verso il basso per simulare il clic e la tenuta del pulsante del mouse. Premere direttamente verso il basso e quindi di lato per fare clic e trascinare il dispositivo di puntamento in qualsiasi direzione. Rilasciare la pressione per rilasciare il pulsante del mouse.\par
\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita premi e seleziona\b0  per abilitare questa funzione.\par
\par
Per fare clic \'e8 possibile usare anche i pulsanti veri e propri; se si annulla questa casella di spunta, i pulsanti veri e propri diventano l'unico modo per fare clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Questa struttura dei menu elenca le opzioni per il dispositivo di puntamento. Per configurare un'opzione, fare clic sulla voce corrispondente alla stessa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Le pagine delle impostazioni \b Movimento puntatore\b0  consentono di specificare in che modo il puntatore del mouse si sposta sullo schermo in risposta alle azioni di puntamento dell'utente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
La funzione \b Movimento limitato\b0  consente di forzare il movimento del puntatore in senso orizzontale o verticale sullo schermo. Questa funzione \'e8 molto utile quando si fa uso di un programma di disegno. Per attivare la funzione Movimento limitato, premere e tenere premuto un tasto specificato spostando allo stesso tempo il puntatore. Premendo il tasto, la direzione iniziale del puntatore determina la direzione consentita per il movimento dello stesso, ammesso che il dito resti sempre poggiato sul TouchPad.\par
\par
Per abilitare la funzione Movimento limitato:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimento limitato\b0  per abilitare le opzioni contenute nella casella di riepilogo.\par
2.\tab Selezionare un tasto dalla casella di riepilogo per attivare la funzione Movimento limitato\par
3.\tab Premere e tenere premuto il tasto selezionato per limitare il movimento del puntatore.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Premi e seleziona come clic sinistro\b0\par
Questa opzione genera un clic con il pulsante sinistro del mouse quando si tocca o preme lo stilo di puntamento. Il clic con il pulsante destro del mouse viene solitamente usato per visualizzare un menu contestuale a comparsa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Questi tasti possono essere usati per attivare la modalit\'e0 Movimento limitato. Selezionare un tasto a piacere facendo clic sulla voce corrispondente nella casella di riepilogo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
La funzione \b Movimento dal bordo\b0\'99 \'e8 stata progettata per semplificare i movimenti particolarmente lunghi del puntatore. Quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad, il puntatore continua a spostarsi nella stessa direzione, fin quando non si solleva il dito. Selezionare una delle opzioni della funzione Movimento dal bordo.\par
\par
Anche la funzione Scorrimento virtuale supporta la modalit\'e0 Movimento dal bordo. Per controllare il Movimento dal bordo durante le operazioni di scorrimento, selezionare \b Scorrimento percorsi lunghi\b0  in \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  nella struttura dei menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Abilita movimento dal bordo durante il trascinamento\b0\par
Con questa opzione selezionata, si verifica un movimento dal bordo solo durante un'operazione tocca e trascina. Tale movimento non viene eseguito durante lo spostamento ordinario del puntatore. Per poter utilizzare questa opzione, \'e8 necessario che la funzione di tocco sia abilitata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Abilita movimento dal bordo durante il trascinamento o il puntamento\b0\par
Quando si seleziona questa opzione, il movimento dal bordo si verifica quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Nessun movimento dal bordo \b0\par
Per spostare il puntatore per percorsi lunghi senza movimento dal bordo, occorre toccare il pad diverse volte con il dito oppure aumentare la velocit\'e0 di movimento del puntatore nel Pannello di controllo del mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
Selezionando la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco \b0\'e8 possibile configurare i quattro angoli della superficie del TouchPad in modo che svolgano la funzione di quattro pulsanti diversi quando toccati. Questi angoli vengono chiamati \b Punti di tocco\b0 .\par
\par
Toccando al centro del TouchPad si ottiene sempre un clic con il pulsante sinistro.\par
\par
Se si deseleziona la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco\b0 , il clic con il pulsante sinistro si ottiene toccando un qualsiasi punto del TouchPad.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile assegnare svariate azioni ai punti di tocco.\par
\par
Per abilitare i punti di tocco:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Accertarsi di aver selezionato l'opzione \b Abilita tocco\b0  nella pagina \b Tocco\b0 .\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco\b0  di cui sopra.\par
3.\tab Selezionare il nome di un punto di tocco nella struttura dei menu, per assegnarvi un'azione.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione per i diversi tocchi nell'angolo inferiore sinistro del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Clic pulsante centrale\b0 , il tocco nell'angolo inferiore sinistro del TouchPad genera la stessa azione generata da un clic con il pulsante centrale del mouse. Selezionare \b Nessuna zona\b0  per disabilitare \b questo punto di tocco\b0  (toccando quindi in questo punto si ottiene un clic con il pulsante sinistro, come sul resto del pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione per i diversi tocchi nell'angolo superiore sinistro del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Clic pulsante centrale\b0 , il tocco nell'angolo superiore sinistro del TouchPad genera la stessa azione generata da un clic con il pulsante centrale del mouse. Selezionare \b Nessuna zona\b0  per disabilitare \b questo punto di tocco\b0  (toccando quindi in questo punto si ottiene un clic con il pulsante sinistro, come sul resto del pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione per i diversi tocchi nell'angolo superiore destro del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Clic pulsante centrale\b0 , il tocco nell'angolo superiore destro del TouchPad genera la stessa azione generata da un clic con il pulsante centrale del mouse o con il pulsante TouchPad. Selezionare \b Nessuna zona\b0  per disabilitare \b questo punto di tocco\b0  (toccando quindi in questo punto si ottiene un clic con il pulsante sinistro, come sul resto del pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione per i diversi tocchi nell'angolo inferiore destro del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Clic pulsante centrale\b0 , il tocco nell'angolo inferiore destro del TouchPad genera la stessa azione generata da un clic con il pulsante centrale del mouse o con il pulsante TouchPad. Selezionare \b Nessuna zona\b0  per disabilitare \b questo punto di tocco\b0  (toccando quindi in questo punto si ottiene un clic con il pulsante sinistro, come sul resto del pad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Premere questo pulsante per visualizzare la finestra di dialogo Propriet\'e0 per l'azione selezionata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Lo schema di cui sopra rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad. La sezione tratteggiata dello schema indica i punti di tocco attivi sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Poggiando il dito sul TouchPad, si visualizzano delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad ad indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in un punto di tocco attivo del TouchPad, il punto corrispondente dello schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre i punti di tocco, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sugli angoli delle sezioni tratteggiate.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 nell'eseguire un'azione sui punti di tocco, si consiglia di ingrandire la sezione. Qualora invece l'azione si verifica con troppa facilit\'e0, si consiglia di ingrandire la sezione.\par
\par
Se i punti di tocco sono grigi e non \'e8 possibile regolarli, controllare che le opzioni \b Tocco\b0  e \b Punti di tocco\b0  siano selezionate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
Questa sezione consente di personalizzare i pulsanti del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Predef.\b0\par
Riporta tutte le impostazioni della pagina ai valori predefiniti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
La velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo pu\'f2 essere configurata come sensibile alla pressione o fissa.\par
\par
\b Controlla velocit\'e0 con la pressione del dito\b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per aumentare la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo man mano che si applica maggiore pressione con il dito sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\b Velocit\'e0 fissa\b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per rendere la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo sempre uniforme.\par
\par
\b Regola la velocit\'e0 di movimento dal bordo\b0\par
Se si seleziona l'opzione \b Velocit\'e0 fissa\b0 , questo cursore regola la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo. \'c8 possibile selezionare la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo regolando il cursore tra le impostazioni \b Lenta\b0  e \b Veloce\b0 .\par
\par
Se i comandi su questa pagina sono in grigio e non \'e8 possibile regolarli, accertarsi che il movimento dal bordo sia abilitato. Per fare questo:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Movimento dal bordo\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare una delle opzioni di \b Abilita movimento dal bordo\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Velocit\'e0 movimento dal bordo\b0  dalla struttura dei menu per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Quando si seleziona questa casella di controllo, la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo dipende dalla pressione applicata con il dito sul TouchPad.\par
\par
Se invece questa casella di controllo non \'e8 selezionata, il puntatore si sposta alla velocit\'e0 indicata sul cursore quando il dito si trova nella zona di movimento dal bordo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per garantire una velocit\'e0 costante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Il tocco della superficie del TouchPad corrisponde al clic con il pulsante sinistro del mouse TouchPad. Tuttavia, solitamente il tocco \'e8 pi\'f9 rapido e comodo rispetto al pulsante del mouse.\par
\par
Il tocco comporta un movimento rapido del dito e quindi il sollevamento dello stesso dalla punta del TouchPad. Un tocco leggero e rapido d\'e0 i risultati migliori, mentre un tocco accentuato o prolungato non d\'e0 gli stessi risultati. Toccare una volta per un singolo clic, oppure due volte in successione rapida per un doppio clic.\par
\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita tocco\b0  per abilitare questa funzione. Per fare clic \'e8 possibile usare anche i pulsanti del TouchPad. Se si deseleziona questa casella di controllo, i pulsanti del TouchPad restano l'unico modo per fare clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Esercitazione sullo scorrimento virtuale\b0\par
Questo semplice labirinto vi aiuter\'e0 ad imparare come usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Se la casella di controllo \b Tocca e fai clic\b0  non \'e8 selezionata, premere i pulsanti del TouchPad per generare i clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Tocca e tieni premuto per trascinare\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per trascinare gli oggetti e le selezioni toccando il TouchPad. Per trascinare, toccare due volte l'oggetto e tenere il dito sul TouchPad al secondo tocco. Spostare l'oggetto selezionato facendo scorrere il dito lungo la superficie del TouchPad; sollevare il dito per posizionare l'oggetto. Questa azione genera lo stesso effetto della pressione di un pulsante del mouse, dello spostamento del mouse e del rilascio del pulsante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Trascinamenti bloccati \b0\par
La funzione \b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0  consente di trascinare gli oggetti su lunghi percorsi attraverso lo schermo con diversi tocchi del dito. Quando si seleziona l'opzione \b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0 , l'azione di trascinamento continua anche dopo aver sollevato il dito dal TouchPad. Toccare nuovamente il TouchPad per posizionare l'oggetto e terminare l'operazione. Per usare la funzione \b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0 , occorre selezionare anche le funzioni \b Tocco\b0  e \b Tocca e tieni premuto per trascinare\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
La funzione \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 impedisce di azionare accidentalmente il TouchPad che \'e8 in grado di riconoscere quando l'utente poggia il palmo sopra la superficie o la sfiora mentre con la mano sta digitando sulla tastiera. Questa funzione impedisce movimenti o clic indesiderati del puntatore.\par
\par
Se il TouchPad esegue movimenti del puntatore o clic non desiderati, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 di PalmCheck spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra verso l'opzione \b Massimo\b0 . Se invece il TouchPad non esegue movimenti o tocchi indesiderati, diminuire la sensibilit\'e0 di PalmCheck spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento a sinistra verso l'opzione \b Minimo\b0 . Molto probabilmente verranno rilevati meno movimenti o tocchi se il dispositivo di scorrimento si trova nella zona colorata in rosso.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Il cursore \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0  consente di regolare la pressione del dito da applicare prima che il TouchPad risponda.\par
\par
Se il puntatore si sposta o fa clic in modo irregolare, diminuire la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra verso l'opzione \b Pressione forte\b0 .\par
\par
Se occorre applicare molta pressione per azionare il TouchPad oppure se il TouchPad non sempre risponde al tocco, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore a sinistra verso l'opzione \b Sfioramento leggero\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Scorri elemento selezionato \b0\par
L'opzione Scorri elemento selezionato consente sempre di scorrere il contenuto della finestra correntemente selezionata all'interno dell'applicazione attiva. Anche se il puntatore non si trova all'interno dell'applicazione attiva, l'azione di scorrimento avverr\'e0 comunque nella finestra correntemente selezionata.\par
Ad esempio, in Esplora risorse: facendo clic nel pannello di sinistra e iniziando un'operazione di scorrimento, a prescindere dalla posizione del puntatore, inizier\'e0 a scorrere l'albero che raffigura la struttura delle directory.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimento dal bordo durante lo scorrimento\b0  per continuare lo scorrimento quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Premi e seleziona come clic destro\b0\par
Questa opzione genera un clic con il pulsante destro del mouse quando si tocca o preme lo stilo di puntamento. Il clic con il pulsante destro del mouse viene solitamente usato per visualizzare un menu contestuale a comparsa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
La funzione \b Inerzia\b0  facilita lo scorrimento in caso di documenti lunghi. Con questa funzione, lo scorrimento virtuale continua anche dopo aver sollevato il dito dal TouchPad. Per farne uso, spostare e sollevare il dito in un movimento unico; per interromperla, riportare il dito sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale \b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento virtuale orizzontale sulle finestra che dispongono di barre di scorrimento orizzontale. Far scorrere il dito avanti ed indietro sul bordo inferiore del TouchPad per scorrere in senso orizzontale la finestra o l'elemento selezionati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento verticale \b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento virtuale verticale. Far scorrere il dito avanti ed indietro sul bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere in senso verticale la finestra o l'elemento selezionati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Lo schema di cui sopra rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad. La sezione tratteggiata dello schema indica le zone di scorrimento virtuale sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Poggiando il dito sul TouchPad, si visualizzano delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad ad indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una zona attiva di scorrimento virtuale del TouchPad, la sezione di scorrimento virtuale corrispondente sullo schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre le zone di scorrimento virtuale, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sul bordo della sezione tratteggiata.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad azionare lo scorrimento virtuale, provare ad ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata. Se invece lo scorrimento virtuale si aziona con troppa facilit\'e0, provare a ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se le zone di scorrimento virtuale sono in grigio e non \'e8 possibile regolarle, accertarsi che la funzione di scorrimento virtuale sia effettivamente abilitata. Per fare questo:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Zona di scorrimento\b0  dalla struttura dei menu per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Il pulsante Esercitazione\b0\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Esercitazione\b0  per seguire l'esercitazione sullo \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0 . Questo semplice labirinto vi aiuter\'e0 ad imparare come usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale.\par
\par
NOTA: Accertarsi che le caselle di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0  e \b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0  siano selezionate.\par
\par
Dare uno sguardo al labirinto prima di cominciare, in modo da individuare i punti iniziale e finale. Non \'e8 possibile visualizzare l'intero labirinto, pi\'f9 grande della finestra che lo visualizza. Usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale per spostare la visualizzazione sulla finestra. Tenere premuto il tasto Ctrl ed usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale per ingrandire o ridurre il labirinto.\par
\par
Un punto giallo nell'angolo in alto a sinistra del labirinto contrassegna l'ingresso nel labirinto, mentre un segno blu sul lato destro ne contrassegna l'uscita.\par
\par
Per cominciare:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Fare clic sul quadrato rosso nel punto giallo per cominciare.\par
2.\tab Usare i tasti a freccia o toccare il TouchPad per navigare attraverso il labirinto.\par
3.\tab Usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto.\par
4.\tab Dopo aver raggiunto il punto blu nell'angolo inferiore destro, fare clic sul pulsante di chiusura della finestra Esercitazione sullo scorrimento virtuale.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Il cursore consente di controllare la velocit\'e0 di \b Scorrimento virtuale;\b0  trascinarlo a destra per accelerare lo scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Usare questa sezione per personalizzare il movimento del puntatore. Per ulteriori informazioni su un argomento specifico, selezionare la Guida corrispondente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Premi e seleziona poi trascina\b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per fare in modo che premendo si esegua una selezione ed un trascinamento e toccando si esegua solo una selezione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
La funzione \b Movimento lento\b0  consente di ridurre la velocit\'e0 del puntatore e di migliorarne la precisione per i lavori pi\'f9 meticolosi. Per attivare la funzione Movimento lento, premere e tenere premuto un tasto specificato spostando allo stesso tempo il puntatore.\par
\par
Per abilitare la funzione Movimento lento:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimento lento\b0  per abilitare le opzioni contenute nella casella di riepilogo.\par
2.\tab Selezionare un tasto dalla casella di riepilogo per attivare la funzione Movimento lento.\par
3.\tab Premere e tenere premuto il tasto selezionato per passare al movimento lento.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Quando sullo schermo si visualizza una finestra di dialogo, questa funzione sposta automaticamente il puntatore sul pulsante predefinito.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
A volte potrebbe essere necessario limitare il puntatore, in modo che si sposti solo in senso orizzontale o verticale. \'c8 possibile specificare un tasto per il puntatore limitato, quindi premere e tenere premuto questo tasto man mano che si sposta il puntatore. La direzione iniziale del puntatore tenendo premuto questo tasto determina se il puntatore \'e8 limitato esclusivamente in una direzione, orizzontale o verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
La selezione dell'opzione \b Veloce\b0  per la velocit\'e0 di aggiornamento del puntatore porta ad un movimento molto fluido del puntatore. Tuttavia, se il puntatore sembra essere sporadico o vibra sullo schermo, provare a selezionare l'opzione \b Lenta\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Le pagine delle propriet\'e0 del TouchPad Synaptics consentono di configurare il TouchPad; esse sono contenute nel Pannello di controllo delle propriet\'e0 del mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Fare clic qui per avviare il proprio browser Internet e passare direttamente a questo collegamento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Per panoramica si intende scorrimento continuo. \'c8 possibile procedere in senso orizzontale, verticale oppure diagonale in entrambe le direzioni.\par
\par
Notare che questa opzione \'e8 disponibile solo nelle applicazioni che supportano Microsoft Intellimouse e che molte di queste applicazioni limitano le direzioni di panoramica (esempi: Microsoft Word consente la panoramica solo in senso verticale; Microsoft Excel consente la panoramica in senso verticale ed orizzontale, ma non diagonale).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Per zoom si intende il cambiamento delle dimensioni di un documento. Lo zoom in avanti ingrandisce il documento, mentre lo zoom all'indietro ne riduce le dimensioni.\par
\par
Notare che questa opzione funziona solo nelle applicazioni che supportano Microsoft Intellimouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Questa azione di punto di tocco sposta automaticamente il puntatore sul pulsante Start della barra delle applicazioni ed apre il menu di avvio.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Salto al menu della finestra corrente\b0\par
Questa azione sposta automaticamente il puntatore sulla voce pi\'f9 a sinistra nel menu della finestra corrente (solitamente il menu "File") e la apre.\par
Questa funzione potrebbe non funzionare con alcune finestre che dispongono di menu non standard.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Questa azione riduce ad icona la finestra corrente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Questa azione ingrandisce la finestra corrente, in modo che copra l'intero schermo. Se la finestra corrente \'e8 gi\'e0 ingrandita, questa azione la riporta alle dimensioni ed alla posizione originale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Questa azione ripristina una finestra ridotta ad icona o ingrandita alle sue dimensioni e posizione originali.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Questa azione esegue automaticamente un programma specificato. Dopo aver selezionato questa azione \'e8 possibile selezionare il programma da eseguire facendo clic sul pulsante Propriet\'e0 accanto alla casella combinata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Questa azione consente di usare l'intera superficie del TouchPad per controllare lo scorrimento virtuale\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . Per riprendere il funzionamento regolare del TouchPad, ripetere il gesto associato all'operazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Se l'applicazione attiva \'e8 un browser Web, questa azione visita la pagina precedente nel buffer cronologico del browser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Se l'applicazione attiva \'e8 un browser Web, questa azione visita la pagina successiva nel buffer cronologico del browser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Questa azione avvia il browser Web predefinito e visita una pagina Web. Dopo aver selezionato questa azione \'e8 possibile selezionare la pagina Web da visitare facendo clic sul pulsante Propriet\'e0 accanto alla casella combinata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Se l'applicazione attiva \'e8 un browser Web, questa azione ricarica la pagina Web corrente dalla sua origine.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Se l'applicazione attiva \'e8 un browser Web, questa azione interrompe il caricamento della pagina Web corrente da parte del browser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Per \b Gesto con due dita\b0  si intende il posizionamento di due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad e lo spostamento delle stesse in una direzione specifica. Il TouchPad \'e8 in grado di rilevare questi movimenti in ciascuna delle otto direzioni di una bussola. Questa pagina consente di personalizzare l'azione eseguita dal TouchPad al rilevamento di un \b gesto\b0 .\par
\par
Per abilitare l'elaborazione dei \b gesti\b0 , attivare la casella \b Abilita\b0  e selezionare quindi un'azione dall'elenco a discesa per ciascuna direzione dei \b gesti\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona in alto a sinistra del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona in alto del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona in alto a sinistra del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona a sinistra del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona in basso a destra del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona in basso del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona in basso a sinistra del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
Selezionare l'azione da eseguire per un \b gesto a due dita\b0  nella zona a sinistra del TouchPad.\par
\par
Se ad esempio si seleziona \b Pressione del tasto Pagina su\b0 , il gesto corrispondente esegue la stessa azione della pressione del tasto Pagina su sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Registrazione ed esecuzione di una macro da testiera\b0\par
\par
Questa azione esegue una sequenza di battute registrate in precedenza. Dopo aver selezionato questa azione, \'e8 possibile registrare la sequenza di battute da eseguire.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Finestra di dialogo per la registrazione delle macro della tastiera\b0\par
Questa finestra di dialogo consente di registrare una sequenza di battute da riprodurre successivamente; questo tipo di sequenza viene spesso denominato \i macro\i0 .\par
\par
Per cominciare a registrare una macro, premere il pulsante \b Inizio\b0 . Viene quindi abilitato il pulsante \b Stop\b0  e disabilitato il pulsante \b Inizio,\b0  ad indicare che la registrazione \'e8 in corso. Poich\'e9 tutte le battute dalla tastiera verranno intercettate durante la registrazione, l'unico modo per uscire dalla modalit\'e0 di registrazione \'e8 premere il pulsante Stop con il mouse.\par
\par
Quando non si registra, usare il pulsante \b Cancella\b0  per svuotare il buffer di tutte le battute registrate. Durante la registrazione, questo pulsante serve da tasto di spazio indietro. Premendo il pulsante \b Indietro\b0  si elimina l'ultima immissione dal buffer delle battute registrate. Notare che durante la registrazione, il pulsante \b Indietro\b0  va premuto con il mouse.\par
\par
Man mano che vengono registrate, le battute appaiono anche nella finestra del testo della finestra di dialogo di registrazione. I tasti alfabetici, numerici e di punteggiatura appaiono nella finestra del testo come in un documento digitato. I tasti non stampabili vengono rappresentati nella finestra di testo sotto forma di tag tra parentesi.\par
\par
Per facilitare la lettura della finestra del testo, quasi tutti i tasti appaiono nella finestra solo dopo la loro pressione. Tuttavia i tasti di modalit\'e0 (quali \b Maiusc\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  e \b Alt\b0 ) vengono immessi nella finestra del testo alla loro pressione ed al loro rilascio. Questo consente di rilevare i cambiamenti di modalit\'e0 della tastiera \ldblquote leggendo\rdblquote  la finestra del testo.\par
\par
Notare che la finestra del testo non pu\'f2 essere modificata direttamente. Non \'e8 possibile ad esempio inserire un tasto al centro di una sequenza registrata in precedenza. Per fare questo occorre dapprima svuotare il buffer registrato e registrare nuovamente la sequenza di battute desiderate.\par
\par
Al completamento della registrazione, premere il pulsante \b OK\b0  per salvare oppure il pulsante \b Annulla\b0  per eliminare la registrazione. Premendo uno dei due tasti si esce dalla finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione per questo pulsante del TouchPad. \'c8 possibile personalizzare il pulsante e generare una delle azioni riportate nell'elenco a discesa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Regolare il tempo che potrebbe trascorrere tra un clic e l'altro quando si fa doppio clic sul pulsante primario del mouse. Se non si ha troppa dimestichezza con il mouse, il doppio clic potrebbe risultare facilitato se si trascina il cursore verso l'opzione lenta. \'c8 possibile provare la velocit\'e0 del doppio clic facendo doppio clic sull'immagine nella sezione di prova.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Punto in cui provare la velocit\'e0 del doppio clic del proprio mouse. Se appare o scompare l'immagine di un pupazzo a molla, il doppio clic \'e8 stato riconosciuto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Regolare la velocit\'e0 alla quale il puntatore si sposta sullo schermo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Specifica la velocit\'e0 di accelerazione del puntatore del mouse fino al raggiungimento della velocit\'e0 massima. L'accelerazione fa in modo che il puntatore si sposti pi\'f9 rapidamente se si sposta il mouse rapidamente. Nessuna accelerazione mantiene la stessa velocit\'e0 tra il puntatore ed il mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
Aggiunge una traccia al puntatore del mouse, per facilitarne l'individuazione sugli schermi a cristalli liquidi (LCD). Per modificare la lunghezza della traccia del puntatore, trascinare il cursore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Attivare questa casella per abilitare le funzioni di scorrimento universali. Fare clic sul pulsante delle impostazioni per configurare le funzioni di scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Fare clic su questo pulsante per configurare le funzioni di scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Fare clic su questo pulsante per configurare la funzione dei gesti con due dita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Fare clic su questo pulsante per configurare la funzione dei gesti con tre dita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Fare clic su questo pulsante per configurare la funzione dei punti di tocco.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Fare clic su questo pulsante per configurare le funzioni del movimento dal bordo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Se si seleziona \b Disabilita questa periferica\b0 , il dispositivo di puntamento corrente non svolge pi\'f9 alcuna funzione (movimento, scorrimento, ecc.).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Per \b Gesti con due dita\b0  si intende il posizionamento di due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad e lo spostamento delle stesse in una direzione specifica. Il TouchPad \'e8 in grado di rilevare questi movimenti in ciascuna delle otto direzioni di una bussola.\par
\par
Per abilitare l'elaborazione dei\b  gesti\b0  con due dita, attivare la casella\b  Abilita gesti con due dita.\b0  Fare quindi clic sul pulsante delle impostazioni con due dita per personalizzare l'azione che il TouchPad esegue quando si rileva un \b gesto\b0  con due dita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Per \b Gesto con tre dita\b0  si intende il posizionamento di tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad e lo spostamento delle stesse in una direzione specifica. Il TouchPad \'e8 in grado di rilevare questi movimenti in due direzioni.\par
\par
Per abilitare l'elaborazione dei\b  gesti\b0  con tre dita, spuntare la casella\b  Abilita gesti con tre dita.\b0  Fare quindi clic sul pulsante delle impostazioni con \b tre dita\b0  per personalizzare l'azione che il TouchPad esegue quando si rileva un \b gesto\b0  con tre dita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Per \b Gesto con le dita\b0  si intende il posizionamento di due o tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad e lo spostamento delle stesse in una direzione specifica. Il TouchPad \'e8 in grado di rilevare questi movimenti in ciascuna delle otto direzioni di una bussola.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile abilitare qualsiasi combinazione di testi con due o tre dita.  Per abilitare l'elaborazione dei gesti, attivare la corrispondente casella \b Abilita\b0 . Fare quindi clic sul pulsante delle impostazioni per personalizzare l'azione che il TouchPad esegue quando si rileva un gesto con tre dita.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Ecco una piccola pianta del TouchPad con i punti di tocco denotati da zone tratteggiate. I punti di tocco possono essere ingranditi o ridotti trascinando le maniglie di ridimensionamento di colore nero. Le frecce ai lati della pianta contrassegnano la posizione delle dita dell'utente sul TouchPad. Se il dito si trova in un punto di tocco attivo del TouchPad, il punto corrispondente della pianta assume un colore pieno.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Solo Premi e seleziona\b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per toccare o premere lo stilo ed eseguire una selezione senza trascinare. Questo movimento corrisponde ad un clic singolo del mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Questo \'e8 un elenco di tutti i tasti che possono attivare la modalit\'e0 di movimento lento. Selezionare un tasto a piacere facendo clic sulla voce corrispondente nella casella di riepilogo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b Regola la velocit\'e0 di movimento dal bordo\b0\par
Se si seleziona l'opzione \b Velocit\'e0 fissa,\b0  questo cursore regola la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo.\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare la velocit\'e0 del movimento dal bordo regolando il cursore tra le impostazioni \b Lenta\b0  e \b Veloce\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione dalla casella di riepilogo per assegnarla a questo pulsante. Molte azioni non richiedono ulteriore configurazione. Tuttavia, per informazioni aggiuntive in merito, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  o si visualizza una finestra di dialogo per la configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificar e la configurazione dell'azione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione dalla casella di riepilogo per assegnarla a questo punto di tocco. Molte azioni non richiedono ulteriore configurazione. Tuttavia, per informazioni aggiuntive in merito, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  o si visualizza una finestra di dialogo per la configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificar e la configurazione dell'azione.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile assegnare svariate azioni ai punti di tocco. Potrebbero essere disponibili altre azioni se sul proprio computer \'e8 installato un software accessorio TouchPad di terzi.\par
\par
\ul\b Azioni dei punti di tocco\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Salto al pulsante Start\b0\par
Con questa azione il puntatore passa al pulsante \b Start\b0  nella barra delle applicazioni di Windows ed apre automaticamente il \b menu avvio\b0 .\par
\par
\b Riduzione ad icona dell'applicazione corrente\b0\par
Questa azione riduce ad icona la finestra dell'applicazione corrente. Se la finestra \'e8 gi\'e0 ridotta ad icona, questa azione la riporta alle sue dimensioni e posizione originali.\par
\par
\b Ingrandimento dell'applicazione corrente\b0\par
Questa azione ingrandisce la finestra dell'applicazione corrente (la espande in modo che copra l'intero schermo). Se la finestra \'e8 gi\'e0 ingrandita, questa azione la riporta alle sue dimensioni e posizione originali.\par
\par
\b Esecuzione di un programma a scelta\b0\par
Questa azione consente di specificare il nome di un programma da eseguire automaticamente quando si fa clic sul pulsante o si tocca un punto.\par
\par
Se le opzioni della casella di riepilogo sono in grigio e non possono essere selezionata, accertarsi che le opzioni \b Tocco\b0  e \b Punti di tocco\b0  siano abilitate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Notifiche brevetti\par
Selezione scorrimento\par
Impostazioni del sistema\par
Impostazioni del dispositivo\par
su\par
Margini calamitati\par
Abilita margini calamitati\par
Abilita movimento dal bordo durante il trascinamento\par
Abilita movimento dal bordo durante il trascinamento o il puntamento\par
Nessun movimento dal bordo\par
Scorrimento virtuale\par
Velocit\'e0 fissa\par
Solo Premi e seleziona\par
Premi e seleziona poi trascina\par
Premi e seleziona Azione\par
Premi e seleziona come clic sinistro\par
Seleziona un elemento\par
Pulsanti\par
Abilita pulsanti\par
Tocca e trascina\par
Scorrimento percorsi lunghi\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
La funzione \b Tocca e trascina\b0  duplica la funzionalit\'e0 dei pulsanti del mouse.\par
\par
\b Tocca e tieni premuto per trascinare\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella per trascinare gli oggetti senza premere il mouse o il pulsante del TouchPad. Per trascinare, toccare due volte l'oggetto e tenere il dito sul TouchPad al secondo tocco. Spostare l'oggetto selezionato facendo scorrere il dito lungo la superficie del TouchPad; sollevare il dito per posizionare l'oggetto.\par
\par
\b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0\par
La funzione \b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0  consente di trascinare gli oggetti su lunghi percorsi attraverso lo schermo con diversi tocchi del dito. Quando si seleziona l'opzione questa opzione, l'azione di trascinamento continua anche dopo aver sollevato il dito dal TouchPad. Toccare nuovamente il TouchPad per posizionare l'oggetto e terminare l'operazione. Per usare la funzione \b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0  occorre selezionare anche la funzione \b Tocca e tieni premuto per trascinare\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
La funzione \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  consente di eseguire operazioni di scorrimento con un solo tocco del dito e attiva automaticamente le barre di scorrimento, eliminando cos\'ec la necessit\'e0 di spostare il puntatore in zone lontane dall'area di lavoro. Questa opzione funziona nella maggior parte delle finestre in cui \'e8 consentito lo scorrimento, quali documenti di programmi di elaborazione testi, fogli di calcolo e immagini digitali di grandi dimensioni. Funziona inoltre in altri elementi come gli elenchi di file e di font. Lo scorrimento virtuale \'e8 il modo pi\'f9 semplice e pratico per scorrere il contenuto di qualsiasi tipo di applicazione. Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere e far passare il dito in su e in gi\'f9 sul bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere in senso verticale. Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0  o \b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0 . Se lo scorrimento verticale non funziona, accertarsi di aver selezionato la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento\b0  e che nella finestra o nell'elemento selezionato sia consentito lo scorrimento. In caso di problemi, controllare le impostazioni scelte per \b Zona di scorrimento\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Le impostazioni per \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0  consentono di personalizzare la risposta al tocco del TouchPad.\par
\par
Per regolarle, selezionare un elemento dalla struttura dei menu corrispondente, \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Lo schema di cui sopra rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad. La sezione tratteggiata dello schema indica le sezioni di movimento dal bordo sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Poggiando il dito sul TouchPad, si visualizzano delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad ad indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una sezione attiva di movimento dal bordo del TouchPad, la sezione di movimento dal bordo corrispondente sullo schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre le sezioni di movimento dal bordo, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sul bordo della sezione tratteggiata.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad azionare il movimento dal bordo, provare ad ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata. Se invece il movimento dal bordo si aziona con troppa facilit\'e0, provare a ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se le zone di movimento dal bordo sono in grigio e non \'e8 possibile regolarle, accertarsi che la funzione di movimento dal bordo sia effettivamente abilitata. Per fare questo:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Movimento dal bordo\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare una delle opzioni di \b Abilita movimento dal bordo\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Zona movimento dal bordo\b0  dalla struttura dei menu per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Notifiche brevetti\b0\par
Questo software, i dispositivi relativi e/o il loro uso sono coperti da uno o pi\'f9 dei seguenti brevetti:\par
\par
\b Brevetto per l'Europa n.\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Brevetto per la Corea n.\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Brevetto per Singapore n.\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Brevetto per Taiwan n.\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b Brevetto per la Cina n.\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Brevetto di Hong Kong n.\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Brevetto per il Giappone n.\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Brevetto per gli Stati Uniti n.\b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
Altri brevetti e domande di brevetto in corso.\par
\par
\b Marchi commerciali\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, il logo ChiralMotion, il logo Scrybe e il logo Synaptics sono marchi di Synaptics Incorporated registrati negli Stati Uniti e/o in altri Paesi. Tutti gli altri nomi di prodotti, servizi e societ\'e0 citati sono riconosciuti come marchi e nomi commerciali di propriet\'e0 delle rispettive societ\'e0.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Tutti i diritti riservati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
La funzione \b Margini calamitati\b0  limita il movimento puntatore, che resta all'interno della finestra attiva. Se si tenta di spostarlo fuori da questa finestra, si ferma al bordo. Al secondo tentativo, il puntatore \'e8 libero invece di oltrepassare il bordo calamitato.\par
\par
L'arresto del puntatore ai margini della finestra facilita l'accesso ai comandi situati vicino ai bordi della stessa. Ad esempio, per chiudere o ridimensionare una finestra, \'e8 possibile spostare con rapidit\'e0 il puntatore nella direzione generale della casella di chiusura sul bordo della finestra; il puntatore si ferma esattamente al punto desiderato.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita margini calamitati\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
I pulsanti su questa pagina regolano la funzione Premi e seleziona.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Velocit\'e0 di scorrimento\b0\par
Usare questo cursore per controlla la velocit\'e0 di scorrimento della finestra in risposta al movimento del dito nella zona di scorrimento virtuale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Questo cursore determina la velocit\'e0 con la quale premere sullo stilo di puntamento per eseguire un'azione che corrisponde al clic del mouse.\par
\par
Qualora si verifichino dei clic, aumentare la velocit\'e0; in caso di difficolt\'e0 invece nell'usare lo stilo di puntamento per fare clic, ridurre la velocit\'e0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
La velocit\'e0 del cursore pu\'f2 essere regolata da \ldblquote Pressione lenta\rdblquote  (sinistra) a \ldblquote Pressione veloce\rdblquote .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Controlla se la pressione sullo stilo di puntamento fa da clic con il pulsante destro (azione del menu di contesto) anzich\'e9 con il pulsante sinistro (azione di selezione regolare).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
La funzione \b Premi e seleziona\b0  controlla anche la medesima funzione dello stilo di puntamento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Le impostazioni per \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0  consentono di personalizzare la risposta al tocco dello stilo di puntamento.\par
\par
Per regolarle, selezionare un elemento dalla struttura dei menu corrispondente, \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Il cursore di \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0  consente di regolare la pressione del dito necessaria per spostare il puntatore ad una velocit\'e0 specifica. Qualora il puntatore si sposti in modo sporadico, spostare il cursore a destra, verso l'opzione \b Sfioramento pesante\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Regola se la pressione sullo stilo di puntamento pu\'f2 essere applicata per trascinare oggetti sullo schermo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Se premuto, questo pulsante richiama l'Esercitazione sullo scorrimento virtuale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Questa sezione regola il comportamento del TouchPad se si collega una periferica PS2 esterna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
Consente il funzionamento simultaneo del TouchPad e della periferica PS2 esterna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Disabilita il TouchPad quando si collega una periferica PS2 esterna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Definisce la portata di scorrimento quando si ruota lo scroller di una posizione. \'c8 possibile scorrere un numero specificato di righe oppure uno schermo intero.\par
\par
Il numero di righe contenute in uno schermo dipende dalle dimensioni della finestra aperta e dal programma usato. Equivale all'utilizzo dei tasti PAGINA SU e PAGINA GI\'d9 della tastiera, oppure al clic della barra di scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Fare clic per impostare il numero di righe scorse ogni volta che si ruota lo scroller di una posizione. Per rendere effettiva questa impostazione, potrebbe essere necessario chiudere e quindi riaprire le applicazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Fare clic per scorrere di uno schermo ogni volta che si ruota lo scroller di una posizione. Per rendere effettiva questa impostazione, potrebbe essere necessario chiudere e quindi riaprire le applicazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Queste opzioni consentono di specificare la finestra o l'elemento da scorrere quando si usa la funzione Scorrimento virtuale. Selezionare le opzioni da abilitare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Premi e seleziona Azione\b0\par
\'c8 possibile configurare lo stilo di puntamento in modo che esegua un clic con il pulsante destro o sinistro del mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
Il gesto con tre dita consiste nel fare scorrere tre dita dall'alto in basso sulla superficie del TouchPad in modo uniforme e continuo e quindi sollevare simultaneamente le tre dita dal TouchPad.\par
\par
Il gesto con tre dita pu\'f2 essere utilizzato per eseguire un'azione tipo "vai a una pagina Web del browser predefinito". Ogni volta che si esegue un gesto con tre dita, il browser Web si apre automaticamente e carica la pagina specificata.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesti con tre dita\b0 . Esistono due direzioni possibili per un gesto con tre dita: dall'alto in basso e dal basso in alto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile configurare un'azione per i seguenti gesti con tre dita, visualizzati nella struttura di menu a sinistra:\par
\par
\b Alto\b0 : Fare scorrere tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad dal basso verso l'alto con movimento verticale.\par
\par
\b Basso\b0 : Fare scorrere tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad dall'alto verso il basso con movimento verticale.\par
\par
Per configurare un'azione per un gesto con tre dita:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Accertarsi che la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesti con tre dita\b0  sia selezionata.\par
2.\tab Selezionare un'opzione dalla struttura di menu a sinistra. Selezionare l'opzione corrispondente al punto finale per la direzione del movimento. Ad esempio, se si desidera configurare un gesto con tre dita che inizi in basso e termini in alto, selezionare \b Alto\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare un'azione dall'elenco precedente per assegnarla al gesto selezionato. L'azione selezionata si verifica ogni volta che si esegue il gesto con tre dita.\par
4.\tab Molte azioni non richiedono ulteriori configurazioni. Tuttavia, nel caso in cui siano necessarie altre informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo di configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare la configurazione dell'azione.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Se non fosse possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco, verificare che le opzioni siano abilitate. Per abilitare le opzioni, eseguire i seguenti passaggi:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Gesti con tre dita\b0  dalla struttura di menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesti con tre dita\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare dal menu il punto finale del movimento per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Gesti con due dita\b0\par
Il gesto con due dita consiste nell'appoggiare due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad, farle scorrere da un lato (o angolo) del TouchPad al lato (o angolo) opposto, con un movimento rettilineo e continuo, quindi sollevare simultaneamente entrambe le dita dal TouchPad.\par
\par
Il gesto con due dita pu\'f2 essere utilizzato per eseguire un'azione tipo "vai a una pagina Web del browser predefinito". Ogni volta che si esegue un gesto con due dita, il browser Web si apre automaticamente e carica la pagina specificata.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesti con due dita\b0 . Esistono otto direzioni possibili per il movimento di un gesto con due dita:\par
\par
Su alcune macchine non \'e8 possibile eseguire movimenti con il dito in alcune direzioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile configurare un'azione per i seguenti gesti con due dita, visualizzati nella struttura di menu a sinistra:\par
\par
\b Alto\b0 : Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad dal basso verso l'alto con movimento verticale.\par
\par
\b Angolo superiore destro:\b0  Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad iniziando dall'angolo inferiore sinistro e terminando nell'angolo superiore destro con movimento diagonale.\par
\par
\b Destra:\b0  Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad iniziando dal lato sinistro e terminando sul lato destro con movimento orizzontale.\par
\par
\b Angolo inferiore destro:\b0  Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad iniziando dall'angolo superiore sinistro e terminando nell'angolo inferiore destro con movimento diagonale.\par
\par
\b Basso\b0 : Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad dall'alto verso il basso con movimento verticale.\par
\par
\b Angolo inferiore sinistro:\b0  Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad iniziando dall'angolo superiore destro e terminando nell'angolo inferiore sinistro con movimento diagonale.\par
\par
\b Sinistra:\b0  Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad iniziando dal lato destro e terminando sul lato sinistro con movimento orizzontale.\par
\par
\b Angolo superiore sinistro:\b0  Fare scorrere due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad iniziando dall'angolo inferiore destro e terminando nell'angolo superiore sinistro con movimento diagonale.\par
\par
Per configurare un'azione per un gesto con due dita:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Accertarsi che la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesti con due dita\b0  sia selezionata.\par
2.\tab Selezionare un'opzione dalla struttura di menu a sinistra. Selezionare l'opzione corrispondente al punto finale per la direzione del movimento. Ad esempio, se si desidera configurare un gesto con due dita che inizi in basso e termini in alto, selezionare \b Alto\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare un'azione dall'elenco precedente per assegnarla al gesto selezionato. L'azione selezionata si verifica ogni volta che si esegue il gesto con due dita.\par
4.\tab Molte azioni non richiedono ulteriori configurazioni. Tuttavia, nel caso in cui siano necessarie altre informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo di configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare la configurazione dell'azione.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Se non fosse possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco, verificare che le opzioni siano abilitate. Per abilitare le opzioni, eseguire i seguenti passaggi:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Gesti con due dita\b0  dalla struttura di menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesti con due dita\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare dal menu il punto finale del movimento per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
Questa finestra \b Propriet\'e0\b0  consente di personalizzare le impostazioni per il dispositivo di puntamento. Usare la struttura dei menu riportata a sinistra per accedere alle funzioni personalizzabili.\par
\par
\b Utilizzo della finestra Propriet\'e0\b0\par
Fare clic su una funzione nella struttura dei menu per visualizzare una pagina di impostazioni per la funzione in questione. Alcune funzioni hanno diverse pagine di impostazioni. Fare clic sul segno \b +\b0  accanto ad una funzione per visualizzare tutte le pagine ad essa corrispondenti. Le impostazioni appaiono nella finestra situata a destra della struttura dei menu. Le informazioni su queste opzioni e le istruzioni su come modificarle appaiono in questa casella informativa. \'c8 possibile usare la barra di scorrimento per visualizzare il contenuto di questa casella.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Ripristina tutti i valori predefiniti\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Ripristina tutti i valori predefiniti\b0  riporta tutte le impostazioni ai valori predefiniti in fabbrica in tutte le pagine.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Ripristina valori predefiniti per la pagina\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Ripristina valori predefiniti per la pagina\b0  riporta tutte le impostazioni ai valori predefiniti in fabbrica per la pagina corrente.\par
\par
\b Pulsante OK\b0\par
Il pulsante \b OK\b0  salva le modifiche apportate e chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Annulla\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Annulla\b0  chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0 senza salvare le modifiche apportate e ripristina tutte le impostazioni precedenti.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Applica\b0\par
Il pulsante \b Applica\b0  salva le modifiche apportate, mantenendo comunque aperta la finestra Propriet\'e0 in modo da poterne apportare altre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
La funzione \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  consente di scorrere pagine Web, documenti e altri elementi utilizzando un TouchPad. Poggiare semplicemente il dito sull'Area di scorrimento - il bordo pi\'f9 esterno del TouchPad - e sfiorarlo con piccoli movimenti circolari. Un piccolo rilievo sulla superficie del TouchPad guida gli spostamenti del dito. Tuttavia, una volta iniziato lo scorrimento, i movimenti del dito non sono limitati al bordo esterno. \'c8 possibile partire dall'Area di scorrimento e successivamente spostare il dito verso il centro del TouchPad e continuare le operazioni di scorrimento con piccoli movimenti circolari. Per interrompere l'azione basta sollevare il dito.\par
\par
Le opzioni di Scorrimento virtuale includono: scorrimento verticale (su e gi\'f9), scorrimento orizzontale e verticale (su, gi\'f9, destra e sinistra), scorrimento audio (effetti sonori) o nessun scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento verticale \b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per abilitare lo scorrimento verso il basso o verso l'alto.\par
\par
Per scorrere verso il basso, poggiare il dito in un punto qualsiasi all'interno dell'Area di scorrimento e compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso orario.\par
\par
Per scorrere verso l'alto, poggiare il dito in un punto qualsiasi all'interno dell'Area di scorrimento e compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso anti-orario.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale e verticale \b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per abilitare lo scorrimento in su, in gi\'f9, a destra o a sinistra. Il lato destro dell'Area di scorrimento controlla lo scorrimento verticale. La parte inferiore dell'Area di scorrimento controlla invece lo scorrimento orizzontale.\par
\par
Per scorrere verso il basso, poggiare il dito sulla parte destra dell'Area di scorrimento e compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso orario.\par
\par
Per scorrere verso l'alto, poggiare il dito sulla parte destra dell'Area di scorrimento e compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso anti-orario.\par
\par
Per scorrere verso destra, poggiare il dito sulla parte inferiore dell'Area di scorrimento e compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso anti-orario.\par
\par
Per scorrere verso sinistra, poggiare il dito sulla parte inferiore dell'Area di scorrimento e compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso orario.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento audio \b0\par
Selezionare questa opzione per ottenere effetti sonori durante le operazioni di scorrimento.\par
\par
NOTA: \'c8 inoltre necessario selezionare le opzioni \b Scorrimento verticale\b0  o \b Scorrimento orizzontale e verticale\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Disabilita scorrimento \b0\par
Se non si desidera utilizzare nessuna delle funzioni di Scorrimento virtuale, selezionare \b Disabilita scorrimento\b0 . Con questa opzione selezionata, \'e8 possibile utilizzare l'Area di scorrimento per operazioni di puntamento e di tocco anzich\'e9 di scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Opzioni di illuminazione \b0\par
\par
Il dispositivo di puntamento LuxPad \'e8 dotato di diverse opzioni di illuminazione. Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita illuminazione\b0  per personalizzare gli effetti luminosi di LuxPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Luminosit\'e0\b0\par
\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare livelli di luminosit\'e0 diversi quando il notebook \'e8 collegato alla rete elettrica oppure quando \'e8 alimentato dalla batteria. La scelta di livelli di luminosit\'e0 diversi \'e8 particolarmente importante per aumentare la durata della batteria.\par
\par
Le opzioni di luminosit\'e0 per \b Alimentazione esterna\b0  e \b Batteria\b0  sono \b Bassa\b0 , \b Media\b0  e \b Alta\b0 .\par
\par
Se le opzioni di questa pagina sono visualizzate in grigio e quindi non sono disponibili, \'e8 possibile attivarle facendo clic su \b Opzioni di illuminazione\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra. Fare clic sulla casella di controllo \b Abilita illuminazione\b0  per selezionarla, quindi tornare alla pagina \b Luminosit\'e0\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Tempo di illuminazione\b0\par
\par
La pagina \b Tempo di illuminazione\b0  offre diverse opzioni di effetti luminosi.\par
\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Sempre attivo\b0  se si desidera avere un'illuminazione costante di LuxPad una volta effettuato il collegamento.\par
\par
Le opzioni \b Tempo di illuminazione dopo l'accesso\b0  e \b Illumina se sfiorato\b0  sono disponibili solo se la casella di controllo \b Sempre attivo \b0\'e8 deselezionata. Se nella casella di controllo \b Sempre attivo\b0  c'\'e8 un segno di spunta, fare clic per deselezionarla.\par
\par
La barra di scorrimento\b  Tempo di illuminazione dopo l'accesso\b0  consente di specificare la durata dell'illuminazione di LuxPad una volta effettuato l'accesso. Spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a sinistra per un intervallo di tempo molto breve, oppure verso destra per un intervallo maggiore.\par
\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Illumina se sfiorato\b0  per ottenere l'illuminazione del LuxPad poggiando il dito sulla sua superficie. Il LuxPad si illuminer\'e0 ogni volta che verr\'e0 toccato.\par
\par
Se le opzioni di questa pagina sono visualizzate in grigio e quindi non sono disponibili, \'e8 possibile attivarle facendo clic su \b Opzioni di illuminazione\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra. Fare clic sulla casella di controllo \b Abilita illuminazione\b0  per selezionarla, quindi tornare alla pagina \b Tempo di illuminazione\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Per utilizzare lo stilo di puntamento o il TouchPad per spostare il cursore, selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita\b0  appropriata.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile abilitare sia lo stilo di puntamento che il TouchPad. In questo caso, entrambi consentono di spostare il cursore.\par
\par
Per utilizzare i pulsanti dello stilo di puntamento, i pulsanti del TouchPad o di entrambi, selezionare le opzioni \b Abilita\b0  appropriate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
Selezionare l'opzione \b Disabilita\b0  corrispondente al dispositivo o ai pulsanti del dispositivo che non si intende utilizzare; in questo modo si evita di attivarli accidentalmente durante la digitazione o il puntamento.\par
\par
Nota: Non \'e8 possibile disabilitare sia lo stilo di puntamento che il TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Per modificare l'azione assegnata al \b Pulsante sinistro\b0 , a \b Entrambi i pulsanti\b0  o al Pulsante destro, fare clic sulla freccia in gi\'f9 nell'elenco a discesa per visualizzare le opzioni. Selezionare l'azione desiderata.\par
\par
Se sono necessarie altre informazioni sull'azione scelta, verr\'e0 abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Se sono necessarie altre informazioni sull'azione scelta nell'elenco a discesa, verr\'e0 abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0 . Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  e inserire le informazioni richieste nella finestra di dialogo visualizzata. Fare clic sul pulsante \b OK\b0  per salvare le impostazioni, quindi chiudere la finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni in qualsiasi momento facendo clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Per ripristinare le impostazioni predefinite di tutti gli elementi della finestra, fare clic su questo pulsante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Per eseguire un clic primario con il dito, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Tocca e fai clic\b0 . Un tocco consiste nell'abbassare e sollevare rapidamente il dito.\par
\par
Se questa casella di controllo \'e8 deselezionata, l'unico modo per eseguire un clic primario \'e8 premere un pulsante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Per trascinare gli oggetti senza premere un pulsante del TouchPad, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Tocca e trascina\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare questa funzione, toccare un oggetto per selezionarlo, quindi poggiare di nuovo velocemente il dito sul TouchPad e, facendolo scorrere, spostare l'oggetto nella direzione desiderata. Sollevare il dito dal TouchPad per rilasciare l'oggetto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Per trascinare gli oggetti sullo schermo con diversi tocchi del dito, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare i trascinamenti bloccati, toccare un oggetto per selezionarlo. Toccare ripetutamente il TouchPad per spostare l'oggetto nella posizione desiderata. Non \'e8 necessario tenere poggiato il dito. L'oggetto selezionato non verr\'e0 rilasciato fino a quando si tocca il TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile utilizzare questo dispositivo di scorrimento per regolare la pressione da applicare con il dito sul TouchPad. Se il puntatore si sposta in modo irregolare, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento verso destra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Per evitare movimenti o clic indesiderati del puntatore durante la digitazione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita PalmCheck\b0 .\par
\par
Questa funzione consente a TouchPad di riconoscere quando l'utente poggia il palmo sopra la superficie o la sfiora mentre con la mano sta digitando sulla tastiera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Per regolare la sensibilit\'e0 di PalmCheck, utilizzare questo dispositivo di scorrimento.\par
\par
Se il TouchPad esegue movimenti del puntatore o clic non desiderati, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 di PalmCheck spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra. Tuttavia, spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento troppo a destra, vicino all'impostazione \b Massimo,\b0  il TouchPad potrebbe non riconoscere alcuni tocchi o movimenti.\par
\par
Al contrario, se il TouchPad non esegue alcuni movimenti o tocchi, diminuire la sensibilit\'e0 di PalmCheck spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento verso sinistra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
La funzione Movimento dal bordo permette al puntatore di continuare a spostarsi una volta raggiunto il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
Senza la funzione Movimento dal bordo \'e8 necessario toccare il TouchPad diverse volte con il dito oppure aumentare la velocit\'e0 di movimento del puntatore sulla scheda \b Opzioni puntatore\b0  per eseguire spostamenti lunghi con il puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Per utilizzare la funzione \i Movimento dal bordo \i0 per operazioni di trascinamento (tocco e trascinamento e trascinamenti bloccati), selezionare la casella di controllo \b Durante il trascinamento\b0 .\par
\par
Il Movimento dal bordo permette al puntatore di continuare a spostarsi anche se il dito ha raggiunto il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
Selezionando questa opzione non sar\'e0 possibile utilizzare il Movimento dal bordo per i normali spostamenti del puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Per utilizzare la funzione \i Movimento dal bordo\i0  quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Durante il puntamento\b0 .\par
\par
Il Movimento dal bordo permette al puntatore di continuare a spostarsi anche se il dito ha raggiunto il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Per utilizzare la funzione \i Movimento dal bordo \i0 con la funzione \b Scorrimento virtuale,\b0  selezionare la casella di controllo \b Durante lo scorrimento\b0 .\par
\par
Il Movimento dal bordo permette al puntatore di continuare a spostarsi anche se il dito ha raggiunto il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Questo schema mostra la superficie del TouchPad. La sezione tratteggiata dello schema indica le sezioni di Movimento dal bordo sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Poggiando il dito sul TouchPad, si visualizzano delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad ad indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una sezione attiva di Movimento dal bordo del TouchPad, la sezione di Movimento dal bordo corrispondente sullo schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre le sezioni di Movimento dal bordo, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sul bordo della sezione tratteggiata.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad azionare il Movimento dal bordo, provare ad ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata. Se invece il Movimento dal bordo si aziona con troppa facilit\'e0, provare a ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se le zone di Movimento dal bordo sono in grigio e non \'e8 possibile regolarle, selezionare una delle opzioni di Movimento dal bordo, quindi ridimensionare le zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Per utilizzare una velocit\'e0 sensibile alla pressione del dito, selezionare questa casella di controllo. Una volta selezionata questa opzione, una pressione maggiore far\'e0 spostare pi\'f9 velocemente il puntatore.\par
\par
Per una velocit\'e0 costante, deselezionare la casella di controllo \b Controlla la velocit\'e0 di Movimento dal bordo con la pressione del dito\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Per regolare la velocit\'e0 di Movimento dal bordo mentre la casella di controllo \b Controlla la velocit\'e0 di Movimento dal bordo con la pressione del dito\b0  \'e8 deselezionata, utilizzare questo dispositivo di scorrimento. Trascinare il dispositivo di scorrimento verso destra per aumentare la velocit\'e0 di Movimento dal bordo, oppure verso sinistra per diminuirla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Per configurare un Punto di tocco assegnandogli un'azione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco\b0 . Ogni angolo della superficie del TouchPad pu\'f2 essere configurato come punto di tocco.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Per assegnare un'azione a un punto di tocco, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco a discesa. Se sono necessarie altre informazioni sull'azione scelta, verr\'e0 abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Questo schema mostra la superficie del TouchPad. Le sezioni tratteggiate dello schema indicano i punti di tocco attivi sulla superficie TouchPad.\par
\par
Poggiando il dito sul TouchPad, si visualizzano delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad ad indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in un punto di tocco attivo del TouchPad, il punto corrispondente dello schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre i punti di tocco, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sugli angoli delle sezioni tratteggiate.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 nell'eseguire un'azione sui punti di tocco, si consiglia di ingrandire la sezione. Al contrario, se l'azione si verifica con troppa facilit\'e0, si consiglia di ridurre la sezione.\par
\par
Se i punti di tocco sono grigi e non \'e8 possibile regolarli, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco,\b0  quindi ridimensionarli.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Affinch\'e9 un movimento del dito abbia la stessa funzione di un pulsante freccia \b Avanti\b0  o \b Indietro\b0  nella finestra di un browser Web, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimenti indietro/avanti\b0 .\par
\par
Per eseguire un movimento in avanti o indietro, poggiare il dito lungo il bordo superiore del TouchPad e spostarlo verso destra o sinistra. Lo spostamento verso sinistra corrisponde a un clic sul pulsante freccia indietro. Lo spostamento verso destra corrisponde a un clic sul pulsante freccia avanti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Per utilizzare le funzioni di Scorrimento virtuale, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento\b0 .\par
\par
Con lo Scorrimento virtuale abilitato, far scorrere il dito in su e in gi\'f9 sul bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere in senso verticale il contenuto della finestra o l'elemento selezionati. Far scorrere il dito lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad per scorrere in senso orizzontale il contenuto della finestra o l'elemento selezionati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Per visualizzare le opzioni di Scorrimento virtuale e regolare le impostazioni, fare clic su questo pulsante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Per far scorrere i contenuti di una finestra o di un elemento attivo, selezionare l'opzione \b Scorri elemento selezionato\b0 . L'elemento attivo \'e8 normalmente l'ultima finestra, parte di una finestra o l'elemento selezionato facendo clic.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
Selezionare questa opzione se si desidera scorrere un elemento che si trova sotto il puntatore in un'applicazione attiva. Questa opzione consente di scorrere l'elemento sotto il puntatore senza selezionarlo prima.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Per facilitare lo scorrimento di documenti lunghi, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita arresto per inerzia\b0 . Con questa funzione, lo scorrimento virtuale continua anche dopo aver sollevato il dito dal TouchPad.\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione di inerzia, \'e8 sufficiente spostare e sollevare il dito in un movimento orizzontale o verticale uniforme. Per interromperla, toccare il TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Questo schema mostra la superficie del TouchPad. La sezione tratteggiata dello schema indica le zone di scorrimento virtuale sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Poggiando il dito sul TouchPad, si visualizzano delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad ad indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una zona attiva di scorrimento virtuale del TouchPad, la sezione di scorrimento virtuale corrispondente sullo schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre le zone di scorrimento virtuale, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sul bordo della sezione tratteggiata.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad azionare lo scorrimento virtuale, provare ad ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata verso l'interno. Se lo scorrimento virtuale si aziona con troppa facilit\'e0, provare a ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se le zone di Scorrimento virtuale sono in grigio e non \'e8 possibile regolarle, selezionare un'opzione di Scorrimento virtuale, quindi ridimensionare le zone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Per eseguire l'esercitazione sullo Scorrimento virtuale, fare clic sul pulsante \b Esercitazione\b0 . Questo semplice labirinto vi aiuter\'e0 ad imparare come usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale.\par
\par
Nota: Accertarsi che entrambe le caselle di controllo \b Scorrimento orizzontale\b0  e \b Scorrimento verticale\b0  siano selezionate.\par
\par
Dare uno sguardo al labirinto prima di cominciare, in modo da individuare i punti iniziale e finale. Non \'e8 possibile visualizzare l'intero labirinto, in quanto \'e8 pi\'f9 grande della finestra che lo visualizza. Usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto sulla finestra. Tenere premuto il tasto \b Ctrl\b0  ed usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale per ingrandire o ridurre il labirinto.\par
\par
Un punto giallo nell'angolo in alto a sinistra del labirinto contrassegna l'ingresso nel labirinto. Un segno blu sul lato destro ne contrassegna l'uscita.\par
\par
Per cominciare:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Fare clic sul quadrato rosso nel punto giallo per cominciare.\par
2.\tab Utilizzare i tasti \b freccia\b0  o toccare il TouchPad per navigare attraverso il labirinto.\par
3.\tab Usare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto.\par
4.\tab Fare clic sul pulsante \b Chiudi\b0  sulla finestra \b Esercitazione scorrimento virtuale\b0  dopo aver raggiunto il punto blu nell'angolo inferiore destro.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Scorrimento virtuale sulle finestre con barre di scorrimento orizzontale, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Scorrimento orizzontale\b0 . Far scorrere il dito avanti e indietro sul bordo inferiore del TouchPad per scorrere in senso orizzontale il contenuto della finestra o l'elemento selezionati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Per utilizzare la funzione di Scorrimento virtuale sulle finestre con barre di scorrimento verticale, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Scorrimento verticale\b0 . Far scorrere il dito in su e in gi\'f9 sul bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere in senso verticale il contenuto della finestra o l'elemento selezionati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento consente di controllare la velocit\'e0 di Scorrimento virtuale. Trascinarlo verso destra per accelerare la velocit\'e0 di scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Per assegnare ai movimenti di tocco e pressione un'azione specifica, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita Premi e seleziona\b0 . Le azioni vengono assegnate nell'elenco a discesa \b Azione di tocco\b0 .\par
\par
\i L'azione di tocco \i0\'e8 un movimento di abbassamento e sollevamento rapido del dito sulla punta dello stilo di puntamento. Un tocco leggero e rapido d\'e0 risultati migliori. Al contrario, un tocco accentuato o prolungato non d\'e0 gli stessi risultati. Toccare una volta per un singolo clic, oppure due volte in successione rapida per un doppio clic.\par
\par
\i La pressione \i0 comporta una pressione rapida sulla punta dello stilo di puntamento con il dito. Una pressione leggera e decisa d\'e0 i risultati migliori. Premere direttamente verso il basso per simulare l'azione di premere e tenere premuto il pulsante del mouse. Premere direttamente verso il basso e quindi di lato per fare clic e trascinare in qualsiasi direzione. Sollevare il dito per rilasciare l'oggetto.\par
\par
Se la casella di controllo \b Abilita Premi e seleziona \b0\'e8 deselezionata, premere un pulsante per eseguire un clic primario.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Per evitare clic indesiderati durante la digitazione, selezionare questa casella di controllo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Per assegnare un'azione alla funzione di tocco sullo stilo di puntamento, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco a discesa \b Azione di tocco\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Per regolare la velocit\'e0 di tocco dello stilo di puntamento per simulare il clic o il doppio clic del mouse, spostare questo dispositivo di scorrimento.\par
\par
Una velocit\'e0 troppo bassa potrebbe generare clic non voluti, ritardi nei movimenti del puntatore o ritardi durante le operazioni di trascinamento. Invece una velocit\'e0 troppo elevata potrebbe comportare difficolt\'e0 durante l'uso della funzione Premi e seleziona.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Per attivare lo Scorrimento virtuale, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento\b0 . Con questa opzione selezionata, lo stilo di puntamento pu\'f2 essere utilizzato solo per lo Scorrimento virtuale orizzontale o verticale. Per muovere il cursore, utilizzare TouchPad o un mouse esterno.\par
\par
Per utilizzare lo Scorrimento virtuale, premere lo stilo di puntamento nella direzione desiderata. Per interrompere lo scorrimento, sollevare il dito dallo stilo di puntamento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Per regolare la velocit\'e0 dello \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0 , utilizzare il dispositivo di scorrimento. Spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento verso destra per uno scorrimento pi\'f9 veloce oppure verso sinistra per uno scorrimento pi\'f9 lento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Per regolare la forza necessaria per il movimento del cursore e per la funzione Premi e seleziona sullo stilo di puntamento, utilizzare il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0 .\par
\par
Per diminuire la forza necessaria, spostare il dispositivo verso l'opzione \b Pressione leggera\b0 .\par
\par
Per aumentare la forza necessaria, spostare il dispositivo verso l'opzione \b Pressione forte\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Per mantenere il puntatore all'interno della finestra attiva, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Arresta puntatore ai Bordi finestra\b0 . L'arresto del puntatore ai margini della finestra facilita l'accesso ai comandi che si trovano vicino ai bordi della stessa.\par
\par
Una volta selezionata questa opzione, al primo tentativo di spostare fuori il puntatore, questo si fermer\'e0 al bordo della finestra. Al secondo tentativo, il puntatore \'e8 libero di uscire al di fuori della finestra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Per migliorare la precisione di puntamento per i lavori di precisione, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco a discesa \b Tasto rallentatore\b0 . Questa funzione consente di ridurre la velocit\'e0 del puntatore.\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione rallentatore, premere e tenere premuto il tasto selezionato mentre si sposta il puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Selezionare questa funzione per spostare automaticamente il puntatore sull'impostazione predefinita, all'interno di una finestra di dialogo visualizzata sullo schermo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Per forzare il movimento del puntatore in senso orizzontale o verticale sullo schermo, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco a discesa \b Tasto movimento obbligato puntatore\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione che consente di limitare il movimento del puntatore, premere e tenere premuto il tasto specificato spostando allo stesso tempo il puntatore. Premendo il tasto, la direzione iniziale di movimento del puntatore determina la direzione di movimento per tutto il tempo in cui il dito rimane poggiato sul TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Per ricevere dei commenti relativi alle azioni di puntamento, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Animazione\b0 . Sulla barra delle applicazioni di Windows viene visualizzata l'icona animata. Fare doppio clic su questa icona per accedere alla finestra \b Propriet\'e0 del mouse\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Per ottenere un movimento molto fluido del puntatore, selezionare l'opzione \b Veloce\b0  come velocit\'e0 di aggiornamento del puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Se il puntatore sembra essere instabile o vibra sullo schermo, provare a selezionare l'opzione \b Lenta\b0  come velocit\'e0 di aggiornamento del puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Questo \'e8 il numero della versione del driver TouchPad Synaptics.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Per informazioni pi\'f9 aggiornate sui brevetti di Synaptics, visitare il sito Web all'indirizzo: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Modalit\'e0 doppia\b0\par
La funzione Modalit\'e0 doppia consente di passare dalla Modalit\'e0 cursore alla Modalit\'e0 pulsanti. In questa modalit\'e0 i pulsanti virtuali sulla superficie del TouchPad offrono pratici collegamenti alle applicazioni utilizzate pi\'f9 di frequente, mentre la funzione di controllo del volume consente di aumentare o diminuire il volume dell'audio.\par
\par
Per attivare Modalit\'e0 doppia, selezionare \b Passa alla Modalit\'e0 pulsanti\b0  toccando la casella di controllo nell'angolo superiore destro.\par
\par
Per utilizzare la Modalit\'e0 pulsanti:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Toccare il pulsante \b Cambio modalit\'e0\b0 . Questo pulsante si trova nell'angolo superiore destro del TouchPad, sopra il regolatore del volume.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Toccare il pulsante virtuale dell'applicazione che si desidera avviare. Una volta avviata l'applicazione, TouchPad torna automaticamente in Modalit\'e0 cursore.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Nota: Selezionando la casella di controllo \b Sempre in Modalit\'e0 pulsanti quando \'e8 collegato un dispositivo esterno\b0 , \'e8 possibile utilizzare la Modalit\'e0 pulsanti se \'e8 collegato un dispositivo di puntamento esterno, come ad esempio un mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
\b Opzioni della Modalit\'e0 pulsanti\b0\par
\'c8 possibile configurare sei pulsanti virtuali in base alle proprie preferenze. I tre pulsanti superiori sono dotati di impostazioni predefinite, mentre gli altri non sono configurati. Le impostazioni predefinite per i pulsanti virtuali configurati sono elencate di seguito:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a sinistra, si accede all'applicazione e-mail assegnata.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Con un tocco sul pulsante virtuale in alto al centro, si accede all'applicazione ConfigFree. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare\~la guida in linea di Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a destra, si invia il contenuto della finestra attiva\~alla stampante.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
Opzioni della Modalit\'e0 pulsanti\par
\'c8 possibile configurare sei pulsanti virtuali in base alle proprie preferenze. Quattro dei \~pulsanti virtuali sono dotati di impostazioni predefinite, mentre gli altri non sono configurati. Le impostazioni predefinite per i pulsanti virtuali configurati sono elencate di seguito:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a sinistra, si accede all'applicazione e-mail assegnata.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Con un tocco sul pulsante virtuale in alto al centro, si accede al browser Web assegnato.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a destra, si accede all'applicazione BeatJam. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare\~la guida in linea di Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Toccando il pulsante virtuale in basso a sinistra, si accede alla guida in linea di Toshiba.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
La funzione \b Controllo pulsanti\b0  impedisce di azionare accidentalmente i pulsanti, che sono in grado di riconoscere quando l'utente poggia il palmo sopra la loro superficie o la sfiora mentre sta digitando sulla tastiera. Questo impedisce l'attivazione indesiderata dei pulsanti.\par
\par
Se un pulsante viene attivato accidentalmente, aumentare il livello del controllo pulsanti spostando l'indicatore a destra verso \b Massimo\b0 . Se un pulsante non viene attivato quando richiesto, diminuire il livello del controllo pulsanti spostando l'indicatore a sinistra verso \b Minimo\b0 . Se l'indicatore \'e8 completamente a destra, \'e8 pi\'f9 probabile che i pulsanti non vengano attivati quando richiesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Per configurare l'azione che un pulsante deve eseguire quando toccato, selezionare il pulsante dalla struttura menu. Ad esempio, \'e8 possibile stabilire che il Pulsante 1 "acceda a una pagina Web del browser predefinito". Ogni volta che si tocca il Pulsante 1, il browser Web si apre automaticamente e carica la pagina specificata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Le impostazioni \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0  consentono di personalizzare il modo in cui il dispositivo risponde al tocco. Per regolare queste impostazioni, selezionare una voce dalla struttura menu \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
L'indicatore \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0  consente di regolare la pressione da applicare con il dito affinch\'e9 il dispositivo risponda.\par
\par
Se il dispositivo risponde in modo irregolare oppure l'area circostante ha un'elevata umidit\'e0, diminuire la sensibilit\'e0 spostando l'indicatore a destra verso \b Pressione forte\b0 .\par
\par
Se \'e8 necessario esercitare una pressione eccessiva per azionare il dispositivo, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 spostando l'indicatore a sinistra verso \b Pressione leggera\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione dall'elenco precedente per assegnarla al pulsante selezionato. L'azione selezionata viene eseguita ogni volta che si tocca il pulsante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
La casella di controllo \b Abilita suoni\b0  abilita la riproduzione di un suono configurabile dall'utente quando un pulsante viene toccato.\par
Se la casella \b Abilita suoni\b0  non \'e8 selezionata, i suoni sono disabilitati e quando si toccano i pulsanti non viene riprodotto alcun suono.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
La casella di controllo \b Abilita illuminazione\b0  abilita l'illuminazione dei pulsanti quando sono attivi o inattivi.\par
Quando la casella di controllo \b Abilita illuminazione\b0  non \'e8 selezionata, l'illuminazione \'e8 disabilitata e quando si toccano i pulsanti la relativa illuminazione non cambia.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
L'indicatore \b Luminosit\'e0\b0  \b inattiva\b0  consente di regolare il livello di luminosit\'e0 dei pulsanti non toccati.\par
Se il livello di luminosit\'e0 dei pulsanti non toccati \'e8 troppo alto, spostare l'indicatore verso l'impostazione \b Minimo\b0 .\par
Se \'e8 troppo basso, spostare l'indicatore verso l'impostazione \b Massimo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
L'indicatore \b Luminosit\'e0\b0  \b attiva\b0  consente di regolare il livello di luminosit\'e0 dei pulsanti toccati.\par
Se il livello di luminosit\'e0 dei pulsanti toccati \'e8 troppo alto, spostare l'indicatore verso l'impostazione \b Minimo\b0 .\par
Se \'e8 troppo basso, spostare l'indicatore verso l'impostazione \b Massimo\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Opzioni della Modalit\'e0 pulsanti\b0\par
\'c8 possibile configurare sei pulsanti virtuali in base alle proprie preferenze. I tre pulsanti superiori sono dotati di impostazioni predefinite, mentre gli altri non sono configurati. Le impostazioni predefinite per i pulsanti virtuali configurati sono elencate di seguito:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a sinistra, si accede all'applicazione e-mail assegnata.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Con un tocco sul pulsante virtuale in alto al centro, si accede all'applicazione ConfigFree. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare\~la guida in linea di Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a destra, si accede a Windows Photo Gallery.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Per configurare l'azione che deve essere eseguita quando si scorre il dito su un indicatore, selezionare l'indicatore dalla struttura menu. Ad esempio, \'e8 possibile stabilire che l'Indicatore 1 "regoli il volume del sistema". Ogni volta che si scorre il dito sull'Indicatore 1, il volume viene aumentato o ridotto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione nell'elenco sopra da assegnare all'indicatore selezionato. L'azione selezionata viene eseguita ogni volta che si scorre il dito sull'indicatore verso l'alto o il basso.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Regola velocit\'e0 di movimento puntatore\b0\par
Questo dispositivo di scorrimento consente di controllare la velocit\'e0 del puntatore. \'c8 possibile impostare la velocit\'e0 desiderata regolando il dispositivo di scorrimento tra le posizioni \b Lenta e\b0  \b Veloce\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Opzioni della Modalit\'e0 pulsanti\b0\par
\'c8 possibile configurare sei pulsanti virtuali in base alle proprie preferenze. I tre pulsanti superiori sono dotati di impostazioni predefinite, mentre gli altri non sono configurati. Le impostazioni predefinite per i pulsanti virtuali configurati sono elencate di seguito:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Toccando il pulsante virtuale in alto a sinistra, si accede all'applicazione e-mail assegnata.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Con un tocco sul pulsante virtuale in alto al centro, si accede all'applicazione ConfigFree. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare\~la guida in linea di Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Per aprire la cartella Immagini, toccare il pulsante virtuale superiore destro.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Barra di controllo\par
\par
La barra di controllo permette di configurare i pulsanti di avvio delle proprie applicazioni preferite. \'c8 possibile personalizzare l'aspetto della barra di controllo regolando le impostazioni di illuminazione, intervallo di dissolvenza e sensibilit\'e0 allo sfioramento. La barra di controllo permette anche di accedere rapidamente al controllo del volume per regolare gli effetti sonori del software.\par
\par
Selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita\b0  per attivare la barra di controllo. Se non si desidera utilizzare la barra di controllo, selezionare \b Disabilita\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
Illuminazione LED\par
\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Illuminazione LED\b0  permette di regolare la luminosit\'e0 dei LED della barra di controllo.\par
\par
Per aumentare la luminosit\'e0, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra verso \b Chiaro\b0 .\par
\par
Per diminuire la luminosit\'e0, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a sinistra verso \b Scuro\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Velocit\'e0 di dissolvenza\par
\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Velocit\'e0 di dissolvenza\b0  permette di impostare rapidamente la velocit\'e0 con cui i LED della barra di controllo si spengono dopo che l'utente ha toccato la barra e quindi allontanato il dito.\par
\par
Per una dissolvenza lenta, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra verso \b Lenta\b0 .\par
\par
Per una dissolvenza veloce, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a sinistra verso \b Veloce\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\par
\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0  permette di regolare la pressione da applicare con il dito affinch\'e9 la barra di controllo risponda al tocco.\par
\par
Se la barra di controllo non risponde al tocco oppure \'e8 necessario premere con forza per azionarla, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento a sinistra verso \b Leggera\b0 .\par
\par
Se accade che la barra di controllo venga azionata inavvertitamente con un tocco leggero, diminuire la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra verso \b Forte.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Effetti sonori\par
\par
Per assegnare un effetto sonoro a un'azione specifica, inserire il nome di un file sonoro oppure selezionare Sfoglia e scegliere un file sonoro.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volume\par
\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Volume\b0  fornisce un accesso rapido al controllo del volume degli effetti sonori.\par
\par
Per aumentare il volume, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a destra verso \b Alto\b0 .\par
\par
Per diminuire il volume, spostare il dispositivo di scorrimento a sinistra verso \b Basso\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Applicazioni\par
\par
Per assegnare un pulsante all'azione di avvio di un'applicazione, inserire il nome di un file eseguibile oppure selezionare Sfoglia e scegliere un'applicazione da avviare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
La funzione \b Zona di disabilitazione TouchPad\b0  permette di abilitare o disabilitare il TouchPad toccando l'angolo e tenendo fermo il dito per alcuni istanti.\par
Se il TouchPad \'e8 abilitato, toccare l'angolo per disabilitarlo. Viceversa, se \'e8 disabilitato, toccare l'angolo per abilitarlo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Intervallo di tocco minimo\b0  consente di specificare per quanto tempo occorre toccare l'angolo affinch\'e9 il TouchPad venga abilitato o disabilitato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Lo scorrimento virtuale \'e8 un'alternativa innovativa ai metodi di scorrimento convenzionali, che permette di azionare le barre di scorrimento in modo automatico eliminando la necessit\'e0 di allontanare il puntatore dal proprio lavoro.\par
\par
Lo scorrimento virtuale funziona con la maggior parte delle finestre che supportano lo scorrimento, come i documenti di elaborazione testi, i fogli elettronici e le immagini digitali di grandi dimensioni, nonch\'e9 con altri elementi a scorrimento come gli elenchi di file e di caratteri.\par
\par
Lo scorrimento ChiralMotion, un tipo speciale di scorrimento virtuale, permette di scorrere in modo continuo con un unico movimento circolare fluido. La velocit\'e0 dello scorrimento dipende dalla velocit\'e0 con cui viene mosso il dito. Per scorrere rapidamente, fare dei piccoli cerchi veloci. Per scorrere lentamente, fare dei cerchi ampi e spostare il dito con lentezza. La direzione dello scorrimento pu\'f2 essere invertita cambiando il senso del movimento.\par
\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento verticale:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento a cui applicare lo scorrimento.\par
3.\tab Scorrere il dito verso l'alto o verso il basso lungo il bordo destro del TouchPad e nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento ChiralMotion in senso verticale:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare le caselle di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0  e \b Abilita scorrimento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento a cui applicare lo scorrimento.\par
3.\tab Appoggiare il dito sul TouchPad vicino al centro del bordo destro.\par
4.\tab Scorrere il dito verso l'alto o verso il basso nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare a muovere il dito in senso circolare. Il dito pu\'f2 avvicinarsi al centro del TouchPad durante il movimento circolare in senso orario o antiorario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento orizzontale:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento a cui applicare lo scorrimento.\par
3.\tab Scorrere il dito verso sinistra o verso destra lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad e nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento ChiralMotion in senso orizzontale:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare le caselle di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0  e \b Abilita scorrimento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento a cui applicare lo scorrimento.\par
3.\tab Appoggiare il dito sul TouchPad vicino al centro del bordo inferiore.\par
4.\tab Scorrere il dito verso sinistra o verso destra nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare a muovere il dito in senso circolare.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Se lo scorrimento virtuale sembra non funzionare, verificare che le caselle di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento\b0  corrette siano selezionate e che la finestra o l'elemento corrente supporti lo scorrimento. Se i problemi persistono, controllare le impostazioni \b Zona di scorrimento\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
La funzione Slancio produce un movimento fluido, rapido e simile a quello di un trackball. Con un rapido colpetto sulla superficie del TouchPad \'e8 possibile spostare il cursore lungo l'intero schermo del computer. La funzione Slancio riduce i movimenti ripetitivi e l'affaticamento dovuti agli spostamenti del cursore su lunghe distanze e produce una sensazione di fluidit\'e0 e naturalezza simile a quella di un trackball. \'c8 ideale per i giochi di strategia in tempo reale (RTS), sparatutto in prima persona (FPS) e i giochi di ruolo (RPG).\par
\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita slancio\b0  per utilizzare questa funzione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
Il dispositivo di scorrimento \b Distanza di scivolamento\b0  permette di regolare la distanza percorsa dal cursore in risposta a un colpetto del dito sul TouchPad. Per fermare il cursore, appoggiare il dito sul TouchPad. Anche un singolo tocco sul TouchPad permette di fermare il cursore.\par
\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita rimbalzo sul bordo dello schermo\b0  per mantenere il cursore entro i limiti dello schermo del computer. La funzione di rimbalzo sul bordo facilita l'acceso alle opzioni di menu e ai comandi che si trovano vicino ai bordi dello schermo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
In molte applicazioni, un "pizzico" sul TouchPad produce un'azione di zoom in molte applicazioni. Questa azione pu\'f2 essere utilizzata per eseguire la stessa funzione della rotellina del mouse nelle applicazioni standard di Windows che supportano la funzionalit\'e0 di zoom CTRL-ROTELLINA.\par
\par
Per eseguire l'azione di "pizzico", toccare la superficie del TouchPad con due dita, quindi avvicinarle tra loro o allontanarle. Per eseguire uno zoom in avvicinamento, appoggiare le dita sul TouchPad l'una vicino all'altra e quindi allontanarle. Per eseguire uno zoom in allontanamento, appoggiare le dita a una certa distanza l'una dall'altra e quindi avvicinarle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
Lo scorrimento ChiralMotion a due dita offre un'alternativa innovativa ai metodi di scorrimento convenzionali. \'c8 possibile scorrere verso l'alto o verso il basso semplicemente appoggiando due dita sul TouchPad ed effettuando un movimento circolare. Non \'e8 necessario tenere entrambe le dita sul TouchPad dopo l'inizio dello scorrimento. Lo scorrimento continua fintanto che un dito rimane sulla superficie del TouchPad descrivendo un movimento circolare.\par
\par
La velocit\'e0 di movimento del dito controlla la velocit\'e0 dello scorrimento. Per scorrere rapidamente, fare dei cerchi piccoli e spostare il dito velocemente. Per scorrere lentamente, fare dei cerchi ampi e muovere il dito con lentezza. La direzione dello scorrimento pu\'f2 essere invertita cambiando il senso del movimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
Per \b Movimento avanzato\b0  si intende un'azione effettuata dall'utente su un sensore Synaptics TouchPad e che il dispositivo host riconosce per l'esecuzione di una determinata funzione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
Un \b Gesto rapido\b0  consiste nel posizionare due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad, leggermente separate, farle scorrere lungo il TouchPad in un movimento continuo in linea retta, e quindi sollevare simultaneamente entrambe le dita della superficie del TouchPad. L'azione avviata dal Gesto rapido \'e8 specifica di un'applicazione. In Internet Explorer, ad esempio, un gesto rapido a sinistra indica il passaggio alle pagine precedenti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
Il movimento \b ChiralRotate\b0  consente di ruotare l'oggetto selezionato a incrementi di 90 gradi, in senso orario o antiorario. ChiralRotate funziona solo nelle applicazioni supportate.\par
\par
Per avviare il movimento ChiralRotate, posizionare un dito nella zona verticale a sinistra del TouchPad, quindi spostarlo seguendo un movimento circolare. Nelle applicazioni che supportano ChiralRotate, l'oggetto selezionato verr\'e0 ruotato a incrementi di 90 gradi.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Per attivare questa funzionalit\'e0, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Attiva Pizzico\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Per attivare questa funzionalit\'e0, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Attiva ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Per attivare questa funzionalit\'e0, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Attiva Gesto rapido\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Per vedere una dimostrazione sull'uso del movimento Pizzico, selezionare il pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  sotto la casella di controllo \b Attiva Pizzico\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Per vedere una dimostrazione sull'uso del movimento ChiralRotate, selezionare il pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  sotto la casella di controllo \b ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Per vedere una dimostrazione sull'uso del Gesto rapido, selezionare il pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  sotto la casella di controllo \b Attiva Gesto rapido\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Per vedere una dimostrazione sull'uso del movimento Slancio, selezionare il pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  sotto la casella di controllo \b Abilita slancio\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
La funzione Scorrimento virtuale rappresenta un'alternativa innovativa ai metodi di scorrimento tradizionali. Attiva automaticamente le barre di scorrimento, eliminando cos\'ec la necessit\'e0 di spostare il puntatore in zone lontane dall'area di lavoro.\par
\par
Questa opzione funziona nella maggior parte delle finestre in cui \'e8 consentito lo scorrimento, quali documenti di programmi di elaborazione testi, fogli di calcolo e immagini digitali di grandi dimensioni. Funziona inoltre in altri elementi come gli elenchi di file e di font.\par
\par
Lo scorrimento lineare, una delle opzioni di scorrimento virtuale, consente di effettuare operazioni di scorrimento tradizionale.\par
\par
Lo scorrimento ChiralMotion, un tipo speciale di scorrimento virtuale, permette di scorrere in modo continuo con un unico movimento circolare fluido. La velocit\'e0 dello scorrimento dipende dalla velocit\'e0 con cui viene mosso il dito. Per scorrere rapidamente, fare dei piccoli cerchi veloci. Per scorrere lentamente, fare dei cerchi ampi e spostare il dito con lentezza. La direzione dello scorrimento pu\'f2 essere invertita cambiando il senso del movimento.\par
\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento verticale lineare:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sull'icona \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  o fare doppio clic su \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Scorrimento percorsi lunghi\b0 .\par
4.\tab Fare clic sul pulsante di opzione \b Scorrimento lineare\b0 .\par
5.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere.\par
6.\tab Scorrere il dito verso l'alto o verso il basso lungo il bordo destro del TouchPad e nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento ChiralMotion in senso verticale:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sull'icona \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  o fare doppio clic su \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Scorrimento percorsi lunghi\b0 .\par
4.\tab Fare clic sul pulsante di opzione \b Scorrimento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere.\par
6.\tab Appoggiare il dito sul TouchPad vicino al centro del bordo destro.\par
7.\tab Scorrere il dito verso l'alto o verso il basso nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare un movimento circolare. Il dito pu\'f2 avvicinarsi al centro del TouchPad durante il movimento circolare in senso orario o antiorario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento orizzontale lineare:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sull'icona \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  o fare doppio clic su \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Scorrimento percorsi lunghi\b0 .\par
4.\tab Fare clic sul pulsante di opzione \b Scorrimento lineare\b0 .\par
5.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere.\par
6.\tab Scorrere il dito verso sinistra o verso destra lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad e nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare lo scorrimento ChiralMotion in senso orizzontale:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0 .\par
2.\tab Fare clic sull'icona \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0  o fare doppio clic su \b Scorrimento virtuale\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selezionare \b Scorrimento percorsi lunghi\b0 .\par
4.\tab Fare clic sul pulsante di opzione \b Scorrimento ChiralMotion\b0 .\par
5.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere.\par
6.\tab Appoggiare il dito sul TouchPad vicino al centro del bordo inferiore.\par
7.\tab Scorrere il dito verso sinistra o verso destra nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare un movimento circolare. Il dito pu\'f2 avvicinarsi al centro del TouchPad durante il movimento circolare in senso orario o antiorario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Se lo scorrimento virtuale sembra non funzionare, verificare che le caselle di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento\b0  corrette siano selezionate e che la finestra o l'elemento corrente supporti lo scorrimento. Se i problemi persistono, controllare le impostazioni \b Zona di scorrimento\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Per vedere una dimostrazione sull'uso dello scorrimento virtuale, selezionare il pulsante \b Mostra video\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Per una dimostrazione dell'uso del movimento \b Gesto rapido\b0 , selezionare il pulsante \b Mostra video\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Per utilizzare i movimenti Gesto rapido verticali, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Attiva Gesto rapido verticale\b0 . Mettere due dita, leggermente separate, sul TouchPad e scorrere verso l'alto o verso il basso. Quindi, sollevarle per eseguire una funzione specifica dell'applicazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Per utilizzare i movimenti Gesto rapido orizzontali, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Attiva Gesto rapido orizzontale\b0 . Mettere due dita, leggermente separate, sul TouchPad e scorrere verso destra o verso sinistra. Quindi, sollevarle per eseguire una funzione specifica dell'applicazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  per visualizzarne l'azione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
Questa finestra \b Propriet\'e0\b0  consente di personalizzare le impostazioni per il dispositivo di puntamento. Usare la struttura dei menu riportata a sinistra per accedere alle funzioni personalizzabili. Tali funzioni includono le opzioni di puntamento e scorrimento con un solo dito, oltre ai gesti con pi\'f9 dita per manipolare documenti, oggetti e applicazioni.\par
\par
\b Utilizzo della finestra Propriet\'e0 \b0\par
Fare clic su una funzione nella struttura dei menu per visualizzare una pagina di descrizioni e impostazioni per la funzione in questione. Per alcune funzioni sono presenti diverse pagine di impostazioni. Fare clic sul segno + accanto a una funzione per visualizzare tutte le pagine correlate. Le impostazioni appaiono nella finestra a destra della struttura dei menu. Le informazioni su queste opzioni e le istruzioni su come modificarle sono riportate in questa casella informativa. Per visualizzare il contenuto di questa casella, \'e8 possibile usare la barra di scorrimento.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Predef. \b0\par
Il pulsante \b Predef.\b0  ripristina tutte le impostazioni della pagina corrente sui valori di fabbrica.\par
\par
\b Pulsante OK \b0\par
Il pulsante \b OK\b0  salva le modifiche apportate e chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Annulla \b0\par
Il pulsante \b Annulla\b0  chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0 senza salvare le modifiche apportate e ripristina tutte le impostazioni precedenti.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Applica \b0\par
Il pulsante \b Applica\b0  salva le modifiche apportate, mantenendo comunque aperta la finestra Propriet\'e0 in modo da poterne apportare altre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Le pagine delle impostazioni \b Puntamento\b0  consentono di specificare in che modo il cursore risponde alle azioni di puntamento e selezione dell'utente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita slancio\b0  per utilizzare questa funzione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
La funzione \b Movimento limitato\b0  consente di forzare il movimento del puntatore solo in senso orizzontale o verticale sullo schermo. Questa funzione \'e8 molto utile quando si utilizza un programma di disegno. Per attivare la funzione Movimento limitato, premere e tenere premuto un tasto specificato mentre si sposta il puntatore. Premendo il tasto, la direzione iniziale del puntatore determina la direzione di movimento consentita per tutto il tempo in cui si tiene il dito appoggiato sul TouchPad.\par
\par
Per utilizzare Movimento limitato:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo Abilita movimento lento per abilitare le opzioni contenute nella casella di riepilogo.\par
2.\tab Selezionare un tasto dalla casella di riepilogo per attivare la funzione Movimento limitato.\par
3.\tab Premere e tenere premuto il tasto selezionato per limitare il movimento del puntatore.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento \b0\par
La funzione di scorrimento consente di attivare automaticamente le barre di scorrimento della finestra selezionata; in questo modo si evita di dover allontanare il puntatore dall'area di lavoro. Le funzioni di scorrimento possono essere utilizzate nella maggior parte delle finestre in cui \'e8 consentito lo scorrimento, quali documenti, fogli di calcolo e immagini digitali di grandi dimensioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento inverso \b0\par
La funzione \b Direzione scorrimento inverso\b0  consente di modificare il comportamento di scorrimento standard. Lo scorrimento standard sposta la barra di scorrimento nella direzione del movimento del dito. La funzione Direzione scorrimento inverso sposta il documento o l'oggetto nella direzione del movimento del dito.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita direzione scorrimento inverso.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
L'indicatore scorrevole \b Velocit\'e0 di scorrimento\b0  consente di regolare la velocit\'e0 di scorrimento. Trascinarlo verso destra per accelerare lo scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
La funzione ChiralScrolling\'99 consente di eseguire uno scorrimento continuo con un solo movimento circolare omogeneo. La velocit\'e0 dello scorrimento dipende dalla velocit\'e0 con cui viene mosso il dito.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita ChiralScrolling.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sulla zona di \i destinazione.\i0  Per scorrere verso l'alto o il basso, la zona di destinazione \'e8 il lato destro del TouchPad. Per scorrere verso sinistra o destra, la zona di destinazione \'e8 il bordo inferiore del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Muovere il dito nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare a muoverlo in senso circolare orario o antiorario. Una volta iniziato il movimento con ChiralScrolling, \'e8 possibile spostare il dito ovunque sulla superficie del TouchPad con un movimento circolare continuo.\par
\pard\tx180\par
NOTA: Per modificare la direzione di scorrimento, invertire semplicemente la direzione del movimento del dito. Si inizier\'e0 lo scorrimento nella direzione opposta.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Per interrompere lo scorrimento e tornare alla modalit\'e0 di puntamento, sollevare il dito dalla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento con un dito \b0\par
\'c8 possibile scorrere in verticale e orizzontale.\par
\par
Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere e passare il dito verso l'alto o il basso lungo il bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere in senso verticale. Passare il dito verso sinistra o destra lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad per scorrere in senso orizzontale.\par
\par
Se lo scorrimento non funziona, accertarsi di avere selezionato le caselle di controllo appropriate e che la finestra o l'elemento selezionato supporti lo scorrimento. Se i problemi persistono, controllare le impostazioni \b Zona di scorrimento.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Lo schema precedente rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad. La sezione tratteggiata dello schema indica le zone di scorrimento sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Appoggiando il dito sul TouchPad, vengono visualizzate delle frecce lungo il bordo dello schema del TouchPad per indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una zona di scorrimento attiva del TouchPad, l'area di scorrimento corrispondente dello schema assume un colore pieno. Per ingrandire o ridurre le zone di scorrimento, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sugli angoli delle sezioni tratteggiate.\par
\par
In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad azionare lo scorrimento, provare a ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata verso l'interno. Se lo scorrimento si aziona con troppa facilit\'e0, provare a ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se le zone di scorrimento sono in grigio e non \'e8 possibile regolarle, accertarsi che la funzione di scorrimento sia effettivamente abilitata.\par
\par
Per abilitare lo scorrimento:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Scorrimento\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare il metodo di scorrimento desiderato e abilitare lo scorrimento verticale o orizzontale.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale \b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento orizzontale nelle finestre che dispongono di barre di scorrimento orizzontale. Far scorrere il dito a sinistra o a destra lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad per scorrere la finestra o l'elemento selezionato in senso orizzontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento verticale \b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento verticale. Far scorrere il dito avanti o indietro lungo il bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere la finestra o l'elemento selezionato in senso verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento con due dita \b0\par
La funzione Scorrimento con due dita consente di scorrere in verticale o orizzontale e avviare lo scorrimento da qualsiasi punto della superficie del TouchPad. Appoggiare semplicemente due dita sul TouchPad e quindi spostarle nella direzione desiderata. Non \'e8 necessario trovarsi in una zona di scorrimento per eseguire lo scorrimento.\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Scorrimento con due dita:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad. Tenere le dita leggermente separate.\par
2.\tab Con un movimento continuo in linea retta, far scorrere entrambe le dita nella direzione desiderata.\par
3.\tab Per interrompere lo scorrimento, sollevare entrambe le dita dal TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale \b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento orizzontale nelle finestre che dispongono di barre di scorrimento orizzontale. Far scorrere le due dita verso sinistra o destra sul TouchPad per scorrere la finestra o l'elemento selezionato in senso orizzontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento verticale \b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento verticale. Far scorrere le due dita verso l'alto o il basso sul TouchPad per scorrere la finestra o l'elemento selezionato in senso verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
La funzione \b Inerzia\b0  facilita lo scorrimento in caso di documenti lunghi. Con questa funzione, lo scorrimento continua anche dopo aver sollevato il dito dal TouchPad. Per utilizzarla, spostare e sollevare il dito in un movimento unico. Per interromperla, riappoggiare il dito sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Zoom con pizzico \b0\par
Un gesto simile a un pizzico consente di ottenere un'azione di zoom in molte applicazioni. La funzione Zoom con pizzico pu\'f2 essere utilizzata per eseguire la stessa funzione della rotellina del mouse nelle applicazioni standard di Windows che supportano la funzionalit\'e0 di zoom CTRL-ROTELLINA.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita zoom con pizzico.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare Zoom con pizzico:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare due dita sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Tenendo le dita appoggiate, allontanarle per eseguire uno zoom avanti o avvicinarle per eseguire uno zoom indietro. I migliori risultati si ottengono utilizzando la punta delle dita.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
La funzione \b Rotazione\b0  consente di utilizzare pratici gesti per ruotare foto e altri oggetti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Pressione con tre dita \b0\par
La funzione Pressione con tre dita offre un collegamento pratico per l'avvio di un'applicazione specificata o di applicazioni.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita Pressione con tre dita.\b0  Per personalizzare le applicazioni da avviare, fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Pressione con tre dita:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad. Accertarsi che le dita siano leggermente separate.\par
2.\tab Tenere ferme le dita finch\'e9 l'applicazione o le applicazioni iniziano ad avviarsi.\par
3.\tab Sollevare le dita dalla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con tre dita \b0\par
\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. \'c8 possibile utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con tre dita per navigare in Internet o per scorrere le foto nella finestra di un visualizzatore di foto. Questa funzione pu\'f2 anche essere utilizzata per entrare o uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Gesto rapido con tre dita.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare Gesto rapido con tre dita per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita, leggermente separate, sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fare dei gesti rapidi con le dita con un movimento lineare continuo nella direzione desiderata, spostandosi da un lato all'altro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Facendo scorrere le dita con un movimento orizzontale verso destra o sinistra, \'e8 possibile passare alla pagina successiva o precedente in un visualizzatore di foto o nella finestra di un browser Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare Gesto rapido con tre dita per passare alla modalit\'e0 presentazione, far scorrere le dita in verticale. Scorrere le dita verso l'alto per attivare la modalit\'e0 presentazione. Scorrere le dita verso il basso per uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Palmo su pad \b0\par
La funzione Palmo su pad consente di liberare il desktop riducendo a icona tutte le finestre aperte. Se si ripete questo gesto, le finestre vengono ripristinate.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita palmo su pad.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare il gesto Palmo su pad:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare il pollice sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Tenere ferma la mano finch\'e9 le finestre sul desktop non saranno state ridotte a icona o ripristinate.\par
3.\tab Sollevare la mano dal TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Esercitazione sullo scorrimento \b0\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Esercitazione\b0  per seguire l'esercitazione relativa allo Scorrimento. Un semplice labirinto consentir\'e0 di imparare come usare la funzione Scorrimento.\par
\par
Osservare il labirinto prima di cominciare, in modo da individuare i punti iniziale e finale. Non \'e8 possibile visualizzare l'intero labirinto, perch\'e9 \'e8 pi\'f9 grande della finestra che lo contiene. Utilizzare la funzione di scorrimento per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto nella finestra. Tenere premuto il tasto Ctrl e utilizzare lo scorrimento per ridimensionare il labirinto.\par
\par
Un punto giallo nell'angolo in alto a sinistra del labirinto ne contrassegna l'ingresso. Un punto blu sul lato destro ne contrassegna l'uscita.\par
\par
Per esercitarsi con lo scorrimento:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Fare clic sul quadrato rosso nel punto giallo per iniziare.\par
2.\tab Usare i tasti a freccia o toccare il TouchPad per spostarsi attraverso il labirinto.\par
3.\tab Utilizzare il metodo di scorrimento desiderato per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto.\par
4.\tab Fare clic sul pulsante Chiudi sulla finestra di esercitazione sullo scorrimento dopo aver raggiunto il punto blu nell'angolo inferiore destro.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b Gesto M per HP MediaSmart \b0\par
L'applicazione HP MediaSmart pu\'f2 essere avviata tracciando un gesto a forma di M sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo Abilita gesto M per HP MediaSmart.\par
\par
Per utilizzare questo gesto:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Toccare con due dita la superficie del TouchPad, quindi riappoggiarle immediatamente.\par
2.\tab Facendo scorrere le dita, tracciare un grande segno a forma di \i M.\i0\par
3.\tab L'applicazione HP MediaSmart viene avvita.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Le funzionalit\'e0 \b Miglioramenti puntamento\b0  consentono di specificare in che modo il cursore risponde alle azioni di puntamento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
I gesti per le applicazioni offrono pratici collegamenti alle applicazioni o alle funzioni utilizzate di frequente. La risposta del computer a questi gesti pu\'f2 essere specifica per ogni applicazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
La funzione \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 \'e8 stata progettata per semplificare i movimenti particolarmente lunghi del puntatore. Quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad, il puntatore continua a spostarsi nella stessa direzione, fin quando non si solleva il dito. Selezionare una delle opzioni della funzione EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Anche le funzioni di scorrimento supportano EdgeMotion. Per utilizzare EdgeMotion durante lo scorrimento, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimento dal bordo durante lo scorrimento\b0  in \b Scorrimento con un dito\b0  oppure \b Scorrimento con due dita\b0  in \b Scorrimento\b0  nella struttura dei menu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimento dal bordo durante lo scorrimento\b0  se si desidera che lo scorrimento continui quando le dita raggiungono il bordo del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Le impostazioni relative a \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0  consentono di personalizzare il modo in cui il dispositivo risponde al tocco.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
La funzione \b Inerzia\b0  facilita lo scorrimento in caso di documenti lunghi. Con questa funzione, lo scorrimento continua anche dopo aver sollevato le dita dal TouchPad. Per utilizzare la funzione Inerzia, spostare e sollevare le dita in un movimento unico. Per interromperla, riappoggiare le dita sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Rotazione pivot \b0\par
Il gesto di rotazione pivot consente di ruotare oggetti come una foto, un file PDF (Portable Document Format) o un altro oggetto selezionato, a incrementi di 90 gradi.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita rotazione pivot.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare il gesto di rotazione pivot:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sull'angolo inferiore sinistro del TouchPad e tenerlo fermo.\par
2.\tab Appoggiare un altro dito accanto al centro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Far scorrere il secondo dito con un movimento circolare intorno al primo dito. Accertarsi che lo spazio tra le due dita rimanga lo stesso mentre si esegue il movimento circolare. Scorrere in senso orario o antiorario per ruotare l'oggetto selezionato nella direzione desiderata.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Pivot angolo destro \b0\par
Per utilizzare questa funzione nell'angolo inferiore destro del TouchPad, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Pivot angolo destro\b0 . L'utilizzo dell'angolo destro del TouchPad pu\'f2 risultare pi\'f9 comodo quando si esegue questo gesto con la mano sinistra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
Il gesto ChiralRotate\'99 consente di ruotare l'oggetto selezionato in incrementi di 90 gradi.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo Attiva ChiralRotate. ChiralRotate funziona solo nelle applicazioni supportate.\par
\par
Per utilizzare il gesto ChiralRotate:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sulla zona di "destinazione" sinistra del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Scorrere il dito verso il basso o verso l'alto e iniziare a eseguire un movimento circolare. Per ruotare l'oggetto in senso orario, compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso orario. Per ruotare l'oggetto in senso antiorario, compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso antiorario.\par
3.\tab Per tornare alla modalit\'e0 di puntamento, sollevare il dito dal TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b Disattivare il TouchPad \b0\par
\par
Se non si desidera utilizzare il TouchPad, \'e8 possibile disattivarlo. Appoggiare un dito sull'angolo superiore sinistro del TouchPad e tenerlo fermo per un momento. Il TouchPad verr\'e0 disattivato. L'icona del TouchPad sulla barra delle applicazioni viene modificata per indicare che TouchPad non \'e8 utilizzabile.\par
\par
Per riattivare il TouchPad, toccare di nuovo l'angolo superiore sinistro. L'icona sulla barra delle applicazioni torner\'e0 allo stato abilitato.\par
\par
Per specificare la durata di disattivazione del TouchPad, selezionare l'opzione desiderata.\par
\par
L'opzione \b Disattiva TouchPad\b0  manterr\'e0 il TouchPad disattivato, finch\'e9 non se ne ripristina l'uso toccando l'angolo superiore sinistro.\par
\b L'opzione Disattiva TouchPad per una sessione\b0  disattiver\'e0 il TouchPad per una sola sessione. Il TouchPad verr\'e0 ripristinato automaticamente al successivo accesso al sistema.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con due dita \b0\par
\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. \'c8 possibile utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con due dita per navigare in Internet o per scorrere le foto nella finestra di un visualizzatore di foto. Questa funzione pu\'f2 anche essere utilizzata per entrare o uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto rapido con due dita.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con due dita per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare due dita, leggermente separate, sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fare dei gesti rapidi con le dita con un movimento lineare continuo nella direzione desiderata, spostandosi da un lato all'altro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Facendo scorrere le dita con un movimento orizzontale verso destra o sinistra, \'e8 possibile passare alla pagina successiva o precedente in un visualizzatore di foto o nella finestra di un browser Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare Gesto rapido con due dita per passare alla modalit\'e0 presentazione, far scorrere le dita in verticale. Scorrere le dita verso l'alto per attivare la modalit\'e0 presentazione. Scorrere le dita verso il basso per uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con due dita \b0\par
\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. \'c8 possibile utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con due dita per navigare in Internet o per scorrere le foto nella finestra di un visualizzatore di foto.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto rapido con due dita orizzontale.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con due dita per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare due dita, leggermente separate, sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fare dei gesti rapidi con le dita in senso orizzontale e con un movimento diritto e continuo nella direzione desiderata, spostandosi da un lato all'altro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Fare scorrere le dita verso destra o sinistra per passare alla pagina successiva o precedente in un visualizzatore di foto o nella finestra di un browser Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con due dita \b0\par
\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. Il gesto rapido a due dita pu\'f2 essere utilizzato per entrare o uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto rapido con due dita verticale.\b0\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con due dita per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare due dita, leggermente separate, sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fare scorrere le dita in senso verticale con un movimento diritto e continuo nella direzione desiderata.\par
3.\tab Fare scorrere le dita verso l'alto per avviare la modalit\'e0 presentazione oppure verso il basso per chiudere tale modalit\'e0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con tre dita orizzontale \b0\par
\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. \'c8 possibile utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con tre dita orizzontale per navigare in Internet o per scorrere le foto nella finestra di un visualizzatore di foto.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto rapido con tre dita orizzontale\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con tre dita orizzontale per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita, leggermente separate, sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fare dei gesti rapidi con le dita in senso orizzontale e con un movimento diritto e continuo nella direzione desiderata, spostandosi da un lato all'altro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Fare scorrere le dita verso destra o sinistra per passare alla pagina successiva o precedente in un visualizzatore di foto o nella finestra di un browser Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con tre dita verticale \b0\par
\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. Il gesto rapido a tre dita verticale pu\'f2 essere utilizzato per entrare o uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto rapido con tre dita verticale\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con tre dita verticale per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita, leggermente separate, sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Fare scorrere le dita in senso verticale con un movimento diritto e continuo nella direzione desiderata.\par
3.\tab Fare scorrere le dita verso l'alto per avviare la modalit\'e0 presentazione oppure verso il basso per chiudere tale modalit\'e0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento circolare \b0\par
La funzione Scorrimento circolare consente di eseguire uno scorrimento continuo con un solo movimento circolare omogeneo. La velocit\'e0 dello scorrimento dipende dalla velocit\'e0 con cui viene mosso il dito.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita scorrimento circolare\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Scorrimento circolare:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sulla zona \i di destinazione\i0 . Per scorrere verso l'alto o il basso, la zona di destinazione \'e8 lungo il lato destro del TouchPad. Per scorrere verso sinistra o destra, la zona di destinazione \'e8 lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Far scivolare il dito nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare a muoverlo in senso circolare orario o antiorario. Una volta iniziato il movimento con la funzione Scorrimento circolare, \'e8 possibile spostare il dito ovunque sulla superficie del TouchPad mantenendo un movimento circolare continuo.\par
\pard\tx180\par
NOTA: Per modificare la direzione di scorrimento, invertire semplicemente la direzione del movimento del dito. Si inizier\'e0 lo scorrimento nella direzione opposta.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Per interrompere lo scorrimento e tornare alla modalit\'e0 di puntamento, sollevare il dito dalla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
La funzione \b Scorrimento automatico\b0  permettere di scorrere facilmente i documenti lunghi con un unico gesto del dito. Con questa funzione, lo scorrimento continua anche dopo aver sollevato il dito dal TouchPad.\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Scorrimento automatico:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere.\par
2.\tab Far scivolare un dito sulla zona di scorrimento del TouchPad nella direzione desiderata. Per scorrere verso l'alto o il basso, la zona di scorrimento \'e8 il bordo destro. Per scorrere verso sinistra o destra, la zona di scorrimento \'e8 il bordo inferiore.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Se lo scorrimento automatico non funziona, controllare le impostazioni \b Zona di scorrimento\b0 . Se i problemi persistono, verificare che la finestra o l'elemento di destinazione supporti effettivamente lo scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
La funzione \b Ruota\b0  consente di utilizzare gesti semplici per ruotare foto e altri oggetti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Gesto Preferiti \b0\par
Il gesto Preferiti offre una scorciatoia per l'avvio di una o pi\'f9 applicazioni specifiche.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto Preferiti\b0 . Per personalizzare le applicazioni da avviare, fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare questo gesto:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad. Accertarsi che le dita siano leggermente separate.\par
2.\tab Tenere ferme le dita finch\'e9 l'applicazione o le applicazioni iniziano ad avviarsi.\par
3.\tab Sollevare le dita dalla superficie del TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido \b0\par
Questa funzione migliora la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. \'c8 possibile utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido per navigare in Internet o per scorrere le foto nella finestra di un visualizzatore di foto. Questa funzione pu\'f2 anche essere utilizzata per entrare o uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
Per abilitarla, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto rapido\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido per la navigazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita sulla superficie del TouchPad. Accertarsi che le dita siano leggermente separate\par
2.\tab Fare dei gesti rapidi con le dita con un movimento lineare continuo nella direzione desiderata, spostandosi da un lato all'altro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Facendo scorrere le dita con un movimento orizzontale verso destra o sinistra, \'e8 possibile passare alla pagina successiva o precedente in un visualizzatore di foto o nella finestra di un browser Internet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido per passare alla modalit\'e0 presentazione:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Scorrere le dita verso l'alto per attivare la modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
2.\tab Scorrere le dita verso il basso per uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Gesto Mostra desktop \b0\par
La funzione Gesto Mostra desktop consente di liberare il desktop riducendo a icona tutte le finestre aperte. Se si ripete questo gesto, le finestre vengono ripristinate.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita gesto Mostra desktop\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto Mostra desktop:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare il \i polpastrello \i0 del pollice sulla superficie del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Tenere ferma la mano finch\'e9 le finestre sul desktop non saranno state ridotte a icona o ripristinate.\par
3.\tab Sollevare la mano dal TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zona di zoom \b0\par
Con la funzione Zona di zoom \'e8 possibile utilizzare il lato sinistro del TouchPad per lo zoom in avanti o all'indietro dell'elemento nella finestra attiva. La funzione Zona di zoom esegue le stesse operazioni di una rotellina sulle applicazioni Windows standard che supportano la combinazione CTRL-rotellina.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita zona di zoom\b0 .\par
\par
\b Per eseguire lo zoom in avanti:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posizionare un dito sul TouchPad vicino all'angolo inferiore sinistro.\par
2.\tab Farlo scivolare in alto, verso l'angolo superiore sinistro.\par
3.\tab Ripetere fino a raggiungere il livello di ingrandimento desiderato.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Per eseguire lo zoom indietro:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Posizionare un dito sul TouchPad vicino all'angolo superiore sinistro.\par
2.\tab Farlo scivolare in basso, verso l'angolo inferiore sinistro.\par
3.\tab Ripetere fino a raggiungere il livello di ingrandimento desiderato.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
La funzione \b TouchCheck\b0  previene l'azionamento accidentale del TouchPad. TouchCheck consente al TouchPad di rilevare quando il palmo della mano dell'utente \'e8 appoggiato oppure sfiora la superficie del TouchPad durante la digitazione, evitando cos\'ec spostamenti del puntatore o clic involontari.\par
\par
Se si notano spostamenti del puntatore o clic indesiderati dovuti al TouchPad, incrementare l'impostazione TouchCheck spostando il cursore a destra verso il livello \b massimo\b0 . Se, al contrario, il TouchPad non accetta determinati gesti o tocchi, diminuire l'impostazione TouchCheck spostando il cursore a sinistra verso il livello \b minimo\b0 . Questa circostanza \'e8 pi\'f9 probabile quando il cursore si trova nella zona rossa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Ruota \b0\par
Il gesto di rotazione consente di ruotare oggetti come una foto, un file PDF (Portable Document Format) o un altro oggetto selezionato, a incrementi di 90 gradi.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita rotazione\b0 .\par
\par
Per utilizzare il gesto di rotazione\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sull'angolo inferiore sinistro del TouchPad e tenerlo fermo.\par
2.\tab Appoggiare un altro dito accanto al centro del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Far scorrere il secondo dito con un movimento circolare intorno al primo dito. Accertarsi che lo spazio tra le due dita rimanga lo stesso mentre si esegue il movimento circolare. Scorrere in senso orario o antiorario per ruotare l'oggetto selezionato nella direzione desiderata.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Rotazione angolo destro \b0\par
Per utilizzare questa funzione nell'angolo inferiore destro del TouchPad, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Rotazione angolo destro\b0 . L'utilizzo dell'angolo destro del TouchPad pu\'f2 risultare pi\'f9 comodo quando si esegue questo gesto con la mano sinistra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Livello di zoom\b0\par
Il cursore Livello di zoom consente di controllare la rapidit\'e0 con cui la finestra viene ingrandita o ridotta in risposta al movimento del dito nell'area di zoom.\par
\par
Per rallentare lo zoom, spostare il cursore verso \b Lento\b0 .\par
Per accelerarlo, spostare il cursore verso \b Veloce\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
Le ClickZones eseguono la stessa funzione dei pulsanti fisici. Sono disponibili due ClickZones lungo il bordo inferiore del ClickPad. Premere su una ClickZone equivale a fare clic sul pulsante sinistro o destro. Per utilizzare le ClickZones, selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Se non si abilitano le ClickZones, \'e8 necessario abilitare \b Tocco\b0  o utilizzare un mouse esterno per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario.\par
\par
La ClickZone sinistra esegue un clic sul pulsante primario, mentre quella di destra esegue un clic sul pulsante secondario. Per cambiare queste impostazioni, selezionare \b Clic sinistro\b0  o \b Clic destro\b0  e configurare le opzioni nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
Le ClickZones eseguono la stessa funzione dei pulsanti fisici. Sono disponibili tre ClickZones lungo il bordo inferiore del ClickPad: sinistra, centrale e destra. Premere su una ClickZone equivale a fare clic su un pulsante. Per utilizzare le ClickZones, selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Se non si abilitano le ClickZones, \'e8 necessario abilitare \b Tocco\b0  o utilizzare un mouse esterno per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario.\par
\par
La ClickZone sinistra esegue un clic sul pulsante primario, mentre quella di destra esegue un clic sul pulsante secondario. La ClickZone centrale esegue la stessa funzione di un pulsante centrale. Per cambiare queste impostazioni, selezionare \b Clic sinistro\b0 , \b Clic centrale\b0  o \b Clic destro\b0  e configurare le opzioni nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla alla ClickZone sinistra.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla alla ClickZone centrale.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla alla ClickZone destra.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
Le ClickZones eseguono la stessa funzione dei pulsanti fisici. Sono disponibili due ClickZones lungo il bordo inferiore del ClickPad. Premere su una ClickZone equivale a fare clic sul pulsante sinistro o destro. Per utilizzare le ClickZones, selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Se non si abilitano le ClickZones, \'e8 possibile abilitare i pulsanti fisici per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario. Se non si abilitano le ClickZones n\'e9 i pulsanti fisici, \'e8 necessario abilitare l'opzione \b Punti di tocco\b0  (nella struttura di menu \b Tocco\b0 ) o utilizzare un mouse esterno per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario.\par
\par
La ClickZone sinistra e il pulsante fisico sinistro eseguono un clic sul pulsante primario, mentre la ClickZone destra e il pulsante fisico destro eseguono un clic sul pulsante secondario. Per cambiare queste impostazioni, selezionare \b Clic sinistro\b0  o \b Clic destro\b0  e configurare le opzioni nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  per visualizzare una demo sull'uso delle ClickZones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
Le ClickZones eseguono la stessa funzione dei pulsanti fisici. Sono disponibili tre ClickZones lungo il bordo inferiore del ClickPad: sinistra, centrale e destra. Premere su una ClickZone equivale a fare clic su un pulsante sinistro, centrale o destro. Per utilizzare le ClickZones, selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita ClickZones\b0 .\par
\par
Se non si abilitano le ClickZones, \'e8 possibile abilitare i pulsanti fisici per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario. Se non si abilitano le ClickZones n\'e9 i pulsanti fisici, \'e8 necessario abilitare l'opzione \b Punti di tocco\b0 (nella struttura di menu \b Tocco\b0 ) o utilizzare un mouse esterno per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario.\par
\par
La ClickZone sinistra e il pulsante fisico sinistro eseguono un clic sul pulsante primario, mentre la ClickZone destra e il pulsante fisico destro eseguono un clic sul pulsante secondario. Per cambiare queste impostazioni, selezionare \b Clic sinistro\b0  o \b Clic destro\b0  e configurare le opzioni nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla alla ClickZone sinistra. L'opzione selezionata per la ClickZone sinistra viene assegnata automaticamente al pulsante sinistro. Ad esempio, se si desidera scambiare le azioni delle ClickZones sinistra e destra, \'e8 possibile selezionare \b Clic secondario\b0 . Per completare la modifica, ricordarsi di cambiare l'azione per la ClickZone destra impostandola su \b Clic primario\b0 .\par
\par
Molte azioni non richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se invece occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante Configura oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo di configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  per visualizzare una demo sull'uso della ClickZone sinistra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla alla ClickZone centrale. L'opzione selezionata per la ClickZone centrale viene assegnata automaticamente al pulsante fisico centrale (se disponibile). Ad esempio, se si seleziona \b Vai al pulsante Start\b0 , un clic centrale far\'e0 spostare il puntatore sul pulsante \b Start\b0  nella barra delle applicazioni di Windows e aprir\'e0 il \b menu Start\b0 .\par
\par
Molte azioni non richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se invece occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo di configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
Fare clic sul pulsante Mostra video per visualizzare una demo sull'uso della ClickZone centrale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla alla ClickZone destra. L'opzione selezionata per la ClickZone destra viene assegnata automaticamente al pulsante fisico destro. Ad esempio, se si desidera scambiare le azioni delle ClickZones sinistra e destra, \'e8 possibile selezionare \b Clic primario\b0 . Per completare la modifica, ricordarsi di cambiare l'azione per la ClickZone sinistra impostandola su \b Clic secondario\b0 .\par
\par
Molte azioni non richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se invece occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo di configurazione. Fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  per visualizzare una demo sull'uso della ClickZone destra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
La funzione ClickButtons trasforma l'intera superficie del ClickPad in un unico pulsante "virtuale" di grandi dimensioni. \'c8 possibile premere in qualunque punto del ClickPad per eseguire un clic primario, secondario o centrale. Selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita ClickButtons\b0  per utilizzare questa funzione.\par
\par
Una pressione con un dito esegue un clic sul pulsante primario, con due dita sul pulsante secondario e con tre dita sul pulsante centrale. Per cambiare queste impostazioni, selezionare \b Clic con un dito\b0 , \b Clic con due dita\b0 o \b Clic con tre dita\b0  e configurare le opzioni nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
Se non si abilita l'opzione ClickButtons, \'e8 necessario abilitare la funzione \b Tocco\b0  o utilizzare un mouse esterno per fare clic sul pulsante primario, secondario o centrale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Per eseguire un clic con un dito, premere un dito sulla superficie del ClickPad finch\'e9 non si avverte che la superficie di abbassa. Per impostazione predefinita, un clic con un dito equivale a fare clic sul pulsante primario.\par
\par
Se si desidera cambiare l'impostazione predefinita, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Per eseguire un clic con due dita, premere due dita sulla superficie del ClickPad finch\'e9 non si abbassa. Per impostazione predefinita, un clic con due dita equivale a fare clic sul pulsante secondario.\par
\par
Se si desidera cambiare l'impostazione predefinita, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Per eseguire un clic con tre dita, premere tre dita sulla superficie del ClickPad finch\'e9 non si abbassa. Per impostazione predefinita, un clic con tre dita equivale a fare clic sul pulsante centrale.\par
\par
Se si desidera cambiare l'impostazione predefinita, selezionare un'opzione dall'elenco.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
La funzione ClickButtons trasforma l'intera superficie del ClickPad in un unico pulsante "virtuale" di grandi dimensioni. \'c8 possibile premere in qualunque punto per eseguire un clic primario, secondario o centrale. Selezionare l'opzione \b Abilita ClickButtons\b0  per utilizzare questa funzione.\par
\par
Una pressione con un dito esegue un clic sul pulsante primario, con due dita sul pulsante secondario e con tre dita sul pulsante centrale. Per cambiare queste impostazioni, selezionare \b Clic con un dito\b0 , \b Clic con due dita\b0 o \b Clic con tre dita\b0  e configurare le opzioni nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
Se non si abilita la funzione ClickButtons, \'e8 possibile abilitare i pulsanti fisici per fare clic sul pulsante primario o secondario. Se non si abilita la funzione ClickButtons n\'e9 i pulsanti fisici, \'e8 necessario abilitare l'opzione \b Punti di tocco\b0  (nella struttura di menu \b Tocco\b0 ) o utilizzare un mouse esterno per fare clic sul pulsante primario, secondario o centrale.\par
\par
Per modificare le impostazioni dei pulsanti, selezionare \b Pulsanti fisici\b0  nella struttura di menu e configurare le opzioni \b Clic sinistro\b0  e \b Clic destro\b0  nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  per visualizzare una demo sull'uso della funzione ClickButtons.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
Il gesto TwistRotate consente di ruotare elementi come foto, file PDF, ecc. Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita TwistRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\b Per eseguire un gesto TwistRotate: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare l'oggetto da ruotare.\par
2.\tab Appoggiare due dita sul TouchPad. Tenere le due dita leggermente distanziate.\par
3.\tab Far scivolare le dita in senso orario o antiorario, come per ruotare una manopola.\par
4.\tab Ripetere il movimento rotatorio per il tempo necessario.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
La funzione Clic e trascina consente di utilizzare le ClickZones per spostare gli oggetti.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Utilizzare il cursore per evidenziare l'elemento da spostare.\par
2.\tab Premere sulla ClickZone che esegue un clic primario. Per impostazione predefinita, si tratta della ClickZone sinistra.\par
3.\tab Tenendo abbassata la ClickZone, utilizzare un secondo dito per trascinare l'elemento selezionato nella posizione desiderata.\par
4.\tab Sollevare il dito dalla ClickZone per rilasciare l'elemento trascinato.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Se si incontrano difficolt\'e0 nell'esecuzione del gesto Clic e trascina, verificare che le ClickZones siano abilitate e premere sulla ClickZone configurata per l'esecuzione del clic primario.\par
\par
Selezionare \b Pulsanti e ClickZones\b0  nella struttura di menu per verificare le impostazioni ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic e trascinare con un dito per spostare un elemento selezionato. \'c8 possibile fare clic e trascinare con due dita per eseguire un'azione equivalente a fare clic e trascinare con il pulsante destro fisico.\par
\par
\b Per eseguire un gesto Clic e trascina con un dito:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Utilizzare il cursore per evidenziare l'elemento da spostare.\par
2.\tab Premere con un dito sul ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Tenendo premuto il ClickPad, trascinare l'elemento selezionato nella posizione desiderata.\par
4.\tab Sollevare il dito dal ClickPad per rilasciare l'elemento trascinato.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Per eseguire un gesto Clic e trascina con due dita:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Utilizzare il cursore per evidenziare l'elemento da spostare.\par
2.\tab Premere con due dita sul ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Tenendo premuto il ClickPad, trascinare l'elemento selezionato nella posizione desiderata.\par
4.\tab Sollevare le dita dal ClickPad per rilasciare l'elemento trascinato.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Il cursore \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0  consente di regolare la quantit\'e0 di pressione da applicare per attivare la risposta dello Scroll Pad.\par
\par
Se lo Scroll Pad risponde in maniera irregolare o si lavora in una zona caratterizzata da elevata umidit\'e0, ridurre la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore verso destra \b (tocco pesante)\b0 .\par
\par
Se invece bisogna premere con forza per azionare lo Scroll Pad, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore verso sinistra \b (tocco leggero)\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Le impostazioni \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0  consentono di personalizzare il modo in cui lo Scroll Pad risponde al tocco. Per regolare queste impostazioni, selezionare una voce nella struttura di menu \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
La funzione \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 previene l'azionamento accidentale dello Scroll Pad. PalmCheck consente allo Scroll Pad di rilevare quando il palmo della mano dell'utente \'e8 appoggiato sul pad oppure ne sfiora la superficie durante la digitazione, evitando cos\'ec di eseguire azioni di scorrimento involontarie.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
La casella di controllo \b Abilita pulsante\b0  abilita il pulsante per questo dispositivo. Per configurare l'azione che viene eseguita quando si preme il pulsante, selezionare il nome del pulsante dalla struttura di menu.\par
\par
Quando \b Abilita pulsante\b0  non \'e8 selezionato, il pulsante risulta disabilitato e la pressione non ha alcun effetto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
Selezionare un'azione dall'elenco riportato sopra per assegnarla al pulsante selezionato. L'azione selezionata verr\'e0 eseguita ogni volta che si preme il pulsante.\par
\par
Si noti che il pulsante deve essere abilitato per poter assegnare ad esso un'azione. Per abilitare il pulsante, procedere nel modo seguente:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selezionare \b Pulsante\b0  nella struttura dei menu a sinistra.\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita pulsante\b0.\par
3.\tab Selezionare il pulsante dalla struttura di menu \b Pulsante\b0  per tornare a questa pagina.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Queste opzioni consentono di specificare quale finestra o elemento viene fatto scorrere quando si usa la funzione Scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Alcune applicazioni consentono di specificare il grado di rotazione. L'opzione selezionata nel campo \b Abilita Grado di rotazione\b0  verr\'e0 applicata se supportata dall'applicazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Fare clic sul pulsante \b Mostra video\b0  per visualizzare una demo sull'uso di questo gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
Quando l'opzione Abilita Filtro tocco sul bordo \'e8 selezionata, un tocco accidentale lungo i bordi del TouchPad viene ignorato.\par
\par
La zona dei bordi \'e8 indicata dall'area ombreggiata raffigurata sopra. \'c8 possibile regolare le dimensioni dell'area dei bordi trascinando le maniglie di ridimensionamento nere. Questa impostazione non ha effetto sul movimento del puntatore, la selezione dell'area, la zona di scorrimento e l'input tramite gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
La funzione Zona di inizio consente di ridurre al minimo le azioni involontarie di spostamento del puntatore selezione area.\par
\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata, il dito deve inizialmente toccare il TouchPad nella Zona di inizio affinch\'e9 possa avvenire lo spostamento del puntatore o la selezione dell'area. Se si tenta di spostare il puntatore o selezionare un'area con un contatto iniziale al di fuori della Zona di inizio, il contatto sar\'e0 ignorato. Se lo spostamento del puntatore o la selezione dell'area ha origine all'interno della Zona di inizio, le aree del TouchPad esterne alla Zona di inizio funzioneranno normalmente finch\'e9 la Zona di inizio non viene ripristinata. Regolando il cursore, \'e8 possibile specificare dopo quanto tempo viene ripristinata la Zona di inizio in caso di assenza di contatto sul pad. L'opzione Zona di inizio non influisce sul tocco, sulle aree di scorrimento e sui gesti.\par
\par
Per ottenere i migliori risultati, abilitare la funzione PalmCheck in combinazione con questa funzione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Il cursore \b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0  consente di regolare la quantit\'e0 di pressione da applicare per attivare la risposta dello Scroll Sensor.\par
\par
Se lo Scroll Sensor risponde in maniera irregolare o si lavora in un ambiente caratterizzato da elevata umidit\'e0, ridurre la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore verso destra \b (tocco pesante)\b0 .\par
\par
Se invece bisogna premere con forza per azionare lo Scroll Sensor, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore verso sinistra \b (tocco leggero)\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Le impostazioni \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0  consentono di personalizzare il modo in cui lo Scroll Sensor risponde al tocco. Per regolare queste impostazioni, selezionare una voce nella struttura di menu \b Sensibilit\'e0\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
Quando l'opzione Doppio tocco con due dita \'e8 abilitata, \'e8 possibile toccare simultaneamente il TouchPad con due dita per avviare l'applicazione desiderata. (Tenere le dita leggermente distanziate.) Fare clic su Configura per selezionare l'applicazione da avviare con questo gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
La Zona di inizio \'e8 indicata dall'area ombreggiata raffigurata sopra. \'c8 possibile regolare le dimensioni della Zona di inizio trascinando le maniglie di ridimensionamento nere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Che cos'\'e8 un ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
Il ClickPad\'99 Synaptics \'e8 un dispositivo simile al TouchPad\'99 Synaptics. Un ClickPad pu\'f2 essere utilizzato per operazioni di scorrimento, puntamento e selezione, proprio come un TouchPad.\par
\par
A differenza del TouchPad, tuttavia, il ClickPad si abbassa quando viene premuto. Quando si preme un ClickPad, si avverte una sensazione simile a quando si preme un pulsante fisico. Questo fa del ClickPad una comoda alternativa ai pulsanti fisici o a un mouse.\par
\par
Il ClickPad pu\'f2 essere dotato di una delle seguenti funzioni o di entrambe:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx180\par
Selezionare la funzione desiderata nella struttura dei menu a sinistra per visualizzare maggiori informazioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Modalit\'e0 Lente di ingrandimento\b0\par
Quando l'opzione Lente di ingrandimento \'e8 abilitata, \'e8 possibile trasformare il puntatore in una lente di ingrandimento e utilizzarlo per ingrandire qualunque parte dello schermo. Specificare la dimensione della lente di ingrandimento (da 100 a 400 pixel in ciascuna direzione) e il livello di zoom predefinito.\par
\par
\b Per attivare e utilizzare la modalit\'e0 Lente di ingrandimento:\b0\par
Mettere un dito sul TouchPad e fare un doppio tocco con un secondo dito. Viene visualizzato un rettangolo (lente di ingrandimento).\par
\par
Mentre \'e8 attiva la modalit\'e0 Lente di ingrandimento, spostare il rettangolo nella posizione desiderata come si fa con un normale puntatore. \'c8 possibile utilizzare il gesto Zoom con pizzico per aumentare o diminuire il livello di ingrandimento.\par
\par
\b Per uscire dalla modalit\'e0 Lente di ingrandimento:\b0\par
Fare clic sul pulsante sinistro del mouse, toccare il TouchPad o premere Esc sulla tastiera per tornare alla modalit\'e0 del puntatore normale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Tocco singolo con due dita\b0\par
Abilitando il tocco singolo con due dita \'e8 possibile configurare il TouchPad in modo che si comporti come un pulsante quando viene toccato con due dita. Selezionare un'azione dall'elenco per assegnarla al tocco singolo con due dita e configurarla nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Gesto verticale con tre dita\b0\par
Il Gesto verticale con tre dita consente di accedere rapidamente a Risorse del computer e alla finestra Passaggio di task. Per abilitare il Gesto con tre dita verso l'alto, fare clic sulla casella di controllo \ldblquote Risorse del computer\rdblquote . Per abilitare il Gesto con tre dita verso il basso, fare clic sulla casella di controllo \ldblquote Scambia finestre\rdblquote .\par
\par
\b Gesto con tre dita verso l'alto:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita (leggermente distanziate) vicino al bordo inferiore del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Far scivolare le dita verso il bordo superiore del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Si aprir\'e0 la finestra Risorse del computer.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Gesto con tre dita verso il basso:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare tre dita (leggermente distanziate) vicino al bordo superiore del TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Far scivolare le dita verso il bordo inferiore del TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Sollevare le dita dal TouchPad.\par
4.\tab Verr\'e0 visualizzata la finestra Passaggio di task.\par
5.\tab Eseguire un gesto orizzontale con tre dita verso sinistra o verso destra per passare a un'altra applicazione.\par
6.\tab Quando l'applicazione desiderata \'e8 evidenziata, staccare le dita dal TouchPad per renderla attiva.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
La funzione \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 \'e8 stata progettata per semplificare i movimenti particolarmente lunghi del puntatore. Quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad, il puntatore continua a spostarsi nella stessa direzione, fin quando non si solleva il dito.\par
\par
Per abilitare EdgeMotion, verificare che la funzione di tocco sia abilitata, quindi selezionare le opzioni EdgeMotion desiderate.\par
\par
Anche le funzioni di scorrimento supportano EdgeMotion. Per utilizzare EdgeMotion durante lo scorrimento, selezionare le opzioni di scorrimento desiderate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
La funzione \b Zona di disabilitazione TouchPad\b0  consente di abilitare o disabilitare il TouchPad con un doppio tocco nella zona d'angolo.\par
Se il TouchPad \'e8 abilitato, eseguire un doppio tocco nell'angolo per disabilitarlo. Se \'e8 disabilitato, eseguire un doppio tocco nell'angolo per abilitarlo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
La selezione di questa casella di controllo attiva il doppio tocco per abilitare questa funzione. La deselezione di questa casella di controllo disattiva il doppio tocco per disabilitarla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento verticale e orizzontale.\par
Far scivolare il dito verso l'alto o verso il basso sul Touchpad per spostare l'elemento o la finestra selezionata in senso verticale.\par
Far scivolare il dito verso sinistra o verso destra sul Touchpad per spostare l'elemento o la finestra selezionata in senso orizzontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento verticale e orizzontale.\par
Far scivolare due dita verso l'alto o verso il basso sul Touchpad per spostare l'elemento o la finestra selezionata in senso verticale.\par
Far scivolare due dita verso sinistra o verso destra sul Touchpad per spostare l'elemento o la finestra selezionata in senso orizzontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
Quando l'opzione Doppio tocco con due dita \'e8 abilitata, \'e8 possibile toccare simultaneamente il TouchPad con due dita per avviare l'applicazione desiderata. (Tenere le dita leggermente distanziate.) Fare clic su Configura per selezionare l'applicazione da avviare con questo gesto.\par
\par
Per abilitare la funzione Doppio tocco con due dita:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Verificare che \b Abilita tocco\b0  sia selezionato nella pagina \b Tocco\b0.\par
2.\tab Selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita Doppio tocco con due dita\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b Disattivare il TouchPad\b0\par
Se non si desidera utilizzare il TouchPad, \'e8 possibile disattivarlo. Toccare due volte l'angolo superiore sinistro del TouchPad\'99. L'icona del TouchPad\'99 sulla barra delle applicazioni viene modificata per indicare che TouchPad\'99 non \'e8 utilizzabile.\par
Per riattivare il TouchPad\'99, toccare di nuovo due volte l'angolo superiore sinistro. L'icona sulla barra delle applicazioni torner\'e0 allo stato abilitato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
L'opzione \b Disattiva TouchPad\b0\'99 manterr\'e0 il TouchPad\'99 disattivato, finch\'e9 non se ne ripristina l'uso con un doppio tocco nell'angolo superiore sinistro.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
L'opzione \b Disattiva TouchPad\'99 per una sessione\b0  disattiva il TouchPad\'99 per il resto della sessione corrente. Il TouchPad\'99 verr\'e0 ripristinato automaticamente al successivo accesso al sistema.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e0\b0\par
Le impostazioni Sensibilit\'e0 consentono di personalizzare il modo in cui lo Scroll Sensor risponde al tocco.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Anche le funzioni di scorrimento supportano EdgeMotion\'99. Per utilizzare EdgeMotion\'99 durante lo scorrimento, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita movimento dal bordo durante lo scorrimento\b0  in \b Scorrimento con un dito\b0  oppure \b Scorrimento con due dita\b0  in \b Scorrimento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
Quando \'e8 abilitato, questo filtro consente di prevedere quando la zona di scorrimento a un dito viene utilizzata intenzionalmente. Se si nota che lo scorrimento viene attivato per errore, abilitare questo filtro.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
Quando \'e8 abilitato, questo filtro consente di prevedere quando le seguenti funzioni vengono utilizzate intenzionalmente: Zoom con pizzico, Scorrimento con due dita, Rotazione, Gesti applicazioni.\par
\par
L'area del pad che consente l'uso dei gesti \'e8 indicata dall'area ombreggiata raffigurata sopra. \'c8 possibile regolare le dimensioni di quest'area trascinando le maniglie di ridimensionamento nere.\par
\par
Se il contatto iniziale si verifica al di fuori dell'area ombreggiata, il gesto viene ignorato. Se si nota che la funzione Zoom con pizzico, Scorrimento con due dita o Rotazione viene attivata per errore, abilitare questo filtro.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b Gesti multi-tocco\b0\par
I gesti con pi\'f9 dita offrono pratici collegamenti alle applicazioni o alle funzioni utilizzate di frequente. La risposta del computer a questi gesti pu\'f2 essere specifica per ogni applicazione. Fare clic sugli argomenti relativi ai singoli gesti per visualizzarne la descrizione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento con due dita\b0\par
La funzione Scorrimento con due dita consente di scorrere in verticale o orizzontale da qualsiasi punto della superficie del TouchPad\'99. Appoggiare due dita sul TouchPad\'99 e quindi spostarle nella direzione desiderata. Non \'e8 necessario trovarsi in una zona di scorrimento per eseguire lo scorrimento.\par
\par
Guardare il video per imparare a utilizzare la funzione di scorrimento con due dita. Tenere le dita leggermente distanziate. Per interrompere lo scorrimento, sollevare entrambe le dita dal TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento verticale\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento verticale. Far scorrere le due dita verso l'alto o il basso sul TouchPad\'99 per scorrere la finestra o l'elemento selezionato in senso verticale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Abilita scorrimento orizzontale\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare lo scorrimento virtuale orizzontale nelle finestre che dispongono di barre di scorrimento orizzontale. Far scorrere il dito in avanti e indietro lungo il bordo inferiore del TouchPad\'99 per scorrere la finestra o l'elemento selezionato in senso orizzontale.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Abilita EdgeMotion\'99 durante lo scorrimento\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo se si desidera che lo scorrimento continui quando le dita raggiungono il bordo del TouchPad\'99. Per interrompere lo scorrimento, sollevare le dita dal TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Abilita arresto per inerzia\b0\par
Lo scorrimento per inerzia consente di scorrere pi\'f9 facilmente i documenti lunghi. Selezionare questa casella di controllo se si desidera che lo scorrimento continui dopo che le dita sono state sollevate dalla superficie del TouchPad\'99. Per utilizzare la funzione Inerzia, spostare e sollevare le dita in un movimento unico. Per interromperla, riappoggiare le dita sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Esercitazione\b0\par
Fare clic sul pulsante Esercitazione per visualizzare un semplice labirinto che permette di fare pratica con la funzione di scorrimento.\par
\par
Prima di iniziare, individuare i punti di inizio e di fine del labirinto. Non \'e8 possibile visualizzare subito l'intero labirinto, perch\'e9 \'e8 pi\'f9 grande della finestra che lo contiene. Utilizzare la funzione di scorrimento per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto nella finestra. Tenere premuto il tasto Ctrl e utilizzare lo scorrimento per ridimensionare il labirinto.\par
\par
Un punto giallo nell'angolo in alto a sinistra del labirinto ne contrassegna l'ingresso. Un punto blu sul lato destro ne contrassegna l'uscita.\par
\par
Per esercitarsi con lo scorrimento:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Fare clic sul quadrato rosso nel punto giallo.\par
2.\tab Usare i tasti a freccia o toccare il TouchPad\'99 per spostarsi attraverso il labirinto.\par
3.\tab Utilizzare il metodo di scorrimento desiderato per spostare la visualizzazione del labirinto.\par
4.\tab Quando si raggiunge il punto blu a destra, chiudere la finestra di esercitazione dello scorrimento.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Zoom con pizzico\b0\par
Un gesto simile a un pizzico consente di ottenere un'azione di zoom in molte applicazioni. La funzione Zoom con pizzico pu\'f2 essere utilizzata per eseguire la stessa funzione della rotellina del mouse nelle applicazioni standard di Windows che supportano la funzionalit\'e0 di zoom Ctrl-rotellina.\par
\par
Per abilitare questa azione, selezionare la casella di controllo Zoom con pizzico. Guardare il video per imparare a eseguire questo gesto. Usare la punta delle dita per ottenere risultati ottimali.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Livello di zoom\b0\par
Il cursore Livello di zoom consente di controllare la rapidit\'e0 con la quale viene effettuato lo zoom di una finestra in risposta al gesto Zoom con pizzico.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Per eseguire lo zoom pi\'f9 lentamente, spostare il cursore verso \b Lento\b0.\par
Per eseguire lo zoom pi\'f9 rapidamente, spostare il cursore verso \b Veloce\b0.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Abilita rotazione pivot\b0\par
Quando questa casella \'e8 selezionata, \'e8 possibile ruotare un oggetto, ad esempio una foto, con incrementi di 90 gradi.\par
\par
Guardare il video per imparare a eseguire questo gesto. Accertarsi che lo spazio tra le due dita rimanga lo stesso mentre si esegue il gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Pivot angolo destro\b0\par
Per utilizzare questa funzione nell'angolo inferiore destro del TouchPad\'99, selezionare la casella di controllo Pivot angolo destro. L'utilizzo dell'angolo destro pu\'f2 risultare pi\'f9 comodo quando si esegue il gesto Rotazione pivot con la mano sinistra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Attiva ChiralRotate\b0\'99\par
Selezionare questa casella per utilizzare il gesto ChiralRotate\'99 per ruotare gli oggetti con incrementi di 90 gradi. ChiralRotate\'99 funziona solo nelle applicazioni supportate.\par
\par
Per utilizzare il gesto ChiralRotate\'99:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sulla zona di "destinazione" sinistra (nella parte inferiore) del TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Scorrere il dito verso il basso o verso l'alto e iniziare a eseguire un movimento circolare. Per ruotare l'oggetto in senso orario, compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso orario. Per ruotare l'oggetto in senso antiorario, compiere dei movimenti circolari in senso antiorario.\par
3.\tab Per tornare alla modalit\'e0 di puntamento, sollevare il dito dal TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Pressione con tre dita\b0\par
Quando questa casella \'e8 selezionata, una pressione con tre dita apre un'applicazione prestabilita. Per personalizzare l'applicazione o le applicazioni da aprire, fare clic sul pulsante Impostazioni.\par
\par
Guardare il video per imparare a eseguire il gesto Pressione con tre dita. Tenere le dita leggermente distanziate quando si esegue questo gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0\par
Il cursore Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento consente di controllare la quantit\'e0 di pressione del dito necessaria per spostare il puntatore a una velocit\'e0 particolare. Se il movimento del puntatore \'e8 irregolare, provare a spostare il cursore verso l'impostazione \b Sfioramento pesante\b0. Se la pressione non viene rilevata, spostare il cursore verso l'impostazione \b Sfioramento leggero\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento\b0\par
Le funzioni di scorrimento consentono di utilizzare le barre di scorrimento di una finestra senza spostare il puntatore dal contenuto su cui si sta lavorando. Sono disponibili per la maggior parte delle finestre che supportano lo scorrimento, come quelle di documenti, fogli elettronici e immagini digitali di grandi dimensioni.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Abilita direzione scorrimento inverso\b0\par
Questa funzione consente di modificare il comportamento di scorrimento standard. Lo scorrimento standard sposta la barra di scorrimento nella direzione del movimento del dito. L'inversione della direzione di scorrimento sposta il documento o l'oggetto nella direzione del movimento del dito.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Abilita ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
Questa funzione consente di eseguire uno scorrimento continuo con un solo movimento circolare omogeneo. La velocit\'e0 dello scorrimento dipende dalla velocit\'e0 con cui viene mosso il dito. Per abilitare questa funzione, selezionare la casella di controllo Abilita ChiralScrolling.\par
\par
Per utilizzare ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare un dito sulla zona di destinazione. Per scorrere verso l'alto o il basso, la zona di destinazione \'e8 il lato destro del TouchPad\'99. Per scorrere verso sinistra o destra, la zona di destinazione \'e8 il bordo inferiore del TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Muovere il dito nella direzione di scorrimento desiderata, quindi iniziare a muoverlo in senso circolare orario o antiorario. Una volta iniziato il movimento con ChiralScrolling, \'e8 possibile spostare il dito ovunque sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99 con un movimento circolare continuo. NOTA: per modificare la direzione di scorrimento, invertire semplicemente la direzione del movimento del dito. Verr\'e0 iniziato lo scorrimento nella direzione opposta.\par
3.\tab Per interrompere lo scorrimento e tornare alla modalit\'e0 di puntamento, sollevare il dito dalla superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Abilita EdgeMotion\'99 durante lo scorrimento\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo se si desidera che lo scorrimento continui quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Zona di scorrimento\b0\par
Il diagramma della zona di scorrimento rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad\'99. La sezione tratteggiata del diagramma indica le zone di scorrimento sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Appoggiando il dito sul TouchPad\'99, vengono visualizzate delle frecce lungo il bordo del diagramma del TouchPad\'99 per indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una zona di scorrimento attiva del TouchPad\'99, la zona di scorrimento corrispondente del diagramma assume un colore pieno.\par
\par
Per ingrandire o ridurre le zone di scorrimento, trascinare i quadratini neri sul bordo delle sezioni tratteggiate. In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad attivare lo scorrimento, ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata verso l'interno. Se lo scorrimento si attiva con troppa facilit\'e0, ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se le zone di scorrimento sono visualizzate in grigio e non possono essere regolate, verificare che lo scorrimento verticale e orizzontale siano abilitati.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Rotazione\b0\par
La funzione Rotazione consente di utilizzare pratici gesti per ruotare foto e altri oggetti.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
La funzione PalmCheck\'99 impedisce l'azionamento accidentale del TouchPad\'99. PalmCheck\'99 consente al TouchPad\'99 di rilevare quando il palmo della mano dell'utente \'e8 appoggiato oppure sfiora la superficie del TouchPad\'99 durante la digitazione e di ignorare tale gesto involontario, evitando cos\'ec spostamenti del puntatore o clic involontari.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e0 PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
La sensibilit\'e0 PalmCheck\'99 pu\'f2 essere regolata in base a come si \'e8 abituati a digitare sulla tastiera e a usare il puntatore.\par
\par
Se si notano spostamenti del puntatore o clic indesiderati dovuti al TouchPad\'99, incrementare l'impostazione PalmCheck\'99 spostando il cursore verso il livello \b massimo\b0.\par
\par
Se, al contrario, il TouchPad\'99 non accetta determinati gesti o tocchi, diminuire l'impostazione PalmCheck\'99 spostando il cursore verso il livello \b minimo\b0. Questa circostanza \'e8 pi\'f9 probabile quando il cursore si trova nella zona rossa.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
La funzione Momentum consente un movimento del puntatore fluido e rapido, simile a quello che si pu\'f2 ottenere con un mouse trackball. Un unico gesto rapido del dito sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99 permette di spostare il cursore lungo l'intero schermo del computer. Momentum riduce la ripetitivit\'e0 del movimento e l'affaticamento associati allo spostamento del cursore su lunghe distanze, fornendo allo stesso tempo una sensazione naturale di fluidit\'e0 simile a quella di un mouse trackball. L'opzione Momentum \'e8 ideale per i giochi RTS (Real Time Strategy), FPS (First Person Shooter) e RPG (Role Playing Games).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Distanza di scivolamento\b0\par
Il cursore Distanza di scivolamento consente di regolare gli spostamenti del cursore in risposta a un gesto rapido eseguito con un dito sul TouchPad\'99. Per fermare il cursore, toccare una volta o appoggiare il dito sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Per aumentare la distanza di scivolamento, spostare il cursore verso \b Lunga\b0 ; per ridurla, spostarlo verso \b Corta\b0.\par
\par
\b Abilita rimbalzo sul bordo dello schermo\b0\par
Selezionare questa casella di controllo per mantenere il cursore entro i limiti dello schermo del computer. Questa opzione facilita l'accesso alle opzioni di menu e ai controlli che si trovano vicino ai bordi dello schermo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
La funzione EdgeMotion\'99 \'e8 stata progettata per semplificare i movimenti particolarmente lunghi del puntatore. Quando il dito raggiunge il bordo del TouchPad\'99, il puntatore continua a spostarsi nella stessa direzione, fino a quando non si solleva il dito.\par
\par
Anche le funzioni di scorrimento supportano EdgeMotion\'99. Per utilizzare EdgeMotion\'99 durante lo scorrimento, selezionare la casella di controllo \b Abilita EdgeMotion\'99 durante lo scorrimento\b0  in \b Scorrimento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b Zona EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
Il diagramma della zona EdgeMotion\'99 nella finestra delle impostazioni rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad\'99. La sezione tratteggiata del diagramma indica le zone EdgeMotion\'99 sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Appoggiando il dito sul TouchPad\'99, vengono visualizzate delle frecce lungo il bordo del diagramma della zona EdgeMotion\'99 per indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova in una zona EdgeMotion\'99 attiva del TouchPad\'99, la zona EdgeMotion\'99 corrispondente del diagramma assume un colore pieno.\par
\par
Per ingrandire o ridurre le zone EdgeMotion\'99, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sul bordo delle sezioni tratteggiate. In caso di difficolt\'e0 ad attivare la funzione EdgeMotion\'99, ingrandire la zona spostando i bordi della sezione tratteggiata verso l'interno. Se la funzione EdgeMotion\'99 si attiva con troppa facilit\'e0, ridurre la zona.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Controlla velocit\'e0 movimento dal bordo con pressione del dito\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata, la velocit\'e0 EdgeMotion\'99 dipende dalla forza con cui viene premuta la superficie del TouchPad\'99. A una pressione maggiore corrisponde uno scorrimento pi\'f9 veloce.\par
\par
\b Velocit\'e0 fissa\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata, il puntatore si sposta sempre a una velocit\'e0 costante prestabilita quando il dito si trova nella zona EdgeMotion\'99.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Accessibilit\'e0\b0\par
La funzione Accessibilit\'e0 consente di specificare come risponde il puntatore alle azioni di puntamento, ad esempio mantenendo il puntatore all'interno di una finestra, rallentando la velocit\'e0 di spostamento o limitando la direzione di spostamento del puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Abilita margini calamitati\b0\par
Questa opzione limita il movimento del puntatore, che resta all'interno della finestra attiva. Se si tenta di spostarlo fuori dalla finestra, si ferma al bordo. Al secondo tentativo, il puntatore \'e8 libero invece di uscire dalla finestra.\par
\par
L'arresto del puntatore ai margini della finestra facilita l'accesso ai comandi situati vicino ai bordi della stessa. Ad esempio, per chiudere o ridimensionare una finestra, \'e8 possibile spostare con rapidit\'e0 il puntatore nella direzione generale della casella di chiusura o del bordo della finestra; il puntatore si ferma esattamente sul bordo.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Abilita movimento rallentato\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 abilitata, \'e8 possibile ridurre la velocit\'e0 del puntatore per migliorare la precisione di puntamento e ottenere un posizionamento pi\'f9 accurato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Abilita movimento limitato\b0\par
Questa funzione consente di forzare il movimento del puntatore solo in senso orizzontale o verticale sullo schermo. Questa funzione \'e8 molto utile quando si utilizza un programma di disegno.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Tocco\b0\par
Quando questa casella di controllo \'e8 selezionata, un tocco sul pad esegue le azioni del pulsante sinistro del mouse. Se l'opzione \'e8 deselezionata, \'e8 possibile fare clic solo utilizzando i pulsanti del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Per "toccare" si intende appoggiare e sollevare rapidamente il dito dalla superficie del TouchPad\'99. I risultati migliori si ottengono con tocchi leggeri e veloci, mentre i tocchi con pressione eccessiva o lenti sono meno efficaci. Toccare una volta per ottenere un clic singolo oppure due volte per un doppio clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Trascinamenti bloccati\b0\par
Quando questa funzione \'e8 selezionata, \'e8 possibile trascinare gli oggetti per lunghi tratti dello schermo con pi\'f9 spostamenti del dito. In altri termini, se l'opzione Trascinamenti bloccati \'e8 attiva, un'azione di trascinamento persiste anche quando si solleva il dito dal TouchPad\'99. Toccare di nuovo il TouchPad\'99 per terminare il trascinamento e rilasciare l'oggetto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Abilita punti di tocco\b0\par
Quando questa casella di controllo \'e8 selezionata, \'e8 possibile assegnare un'azione o una scorciatoia specifica a ogni angolo del TouchPad\'99. Quando si appoggia il dito su uno dei punti di tocco, viene eseguita l'azione corrispondente, in meno tempo e con meno clic.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Configura\b0\par
Selezionare un'azione dalla casella di riepilogo per assegnarla a un punto di tocco. Molte azioni non richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Tuttavia, se sono necessarie altre informazioni, il pulsante Configura viene abilitato. Fare clic sul pulsante Configura in qualunque momento per visualizzare o modificare la configurazione dell'azione.\par
Vari tipi di azioni possono essere assegnati ai punti di tocco. Altre azioni possono essere disponibili mediante l'installazione di plug-in per TouchPad\'99 di altri produttori di software. Se le opzioni della casella di riepilogo sono visualizzate in grigio e non selezionabili, verificare che la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco\b0  sia selezionata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Pulsanti\b0\par
Per impostazione predefinita, i pulsanti di questo dispositivo di puntamento funzionano come i pulsanti di un normale mouse. Se questa casella di controllo non \'e8 selezionata, i pulsanti sono disabilitati e non rispondono alla pressione; in questo caso, \'e8 possibile fare clic con il dispositivo di puntamento solo mediante le azioni di tocco.\par
\par
\'c8 anche possibile specificare un'azione differente da eseguire quando si preme un pulsante. Ad esempio, si potrebbe impostare il pulsante destro per l'azione "vai a una pagina web specifica nel browser predefinito". Ogni volta che si fa clic sul pulsante destro del dispositivo di puntamento, il browser web si aprir\'e0 automaticamente e caricher\'e0 la pagina specificata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Azione pulsante\b0\par
Scegliere un'azione dal menu a discesa per assegnarla al pulsante desiderato. L'azione selezionata verr\'e0 eseguita ogni volta che si preme quel pulsante.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Utilizzo della finestra Propriet\'e0\b0\par
La finestra Propriet\'e0 consente di personalizzare le impostazioni per il dispositivo di puntamento. Utilizzare la struttura dei menu per accedere alle funzioni personalizzabili. Fare clic sulla freccia accanto a una funzione oppure fare doppio clic sulla funzione per visualizzarne le opzioni.\par
\par
\b Abilitazione e disabilitazione delle funzioni\b0\par
Selezionare la casella di controllo di una funzione per abilitarla, deselezionarla per disabilitarla.\par
\par
\b Impostazioni\b0\par
Se alla funzione selezionata \'e8 associata un'icona Impostazioni che viene evidenziata quando il puntatore passa sopra di essa, \'e8 possibile fare clic sull'icona o fare doppio clic sul nome della funzione per personalizzarne le impostazioni. Se non si riesce a selezionare un'icona di impostazioni, controllare che la casella di controllo della funzione ed eventuali caselle di controllo di livello superiore siano selezionate.\par
\par
\b Guida\b0\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sull'icona a forma di punto di domanda e sul pulsante Guida per visualizzare informazioni di aiuto.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Chiudi\b0\par
Il pulsante Chiudi, nella finestra delle impostazioni, consente di chiudere la finestra. Le modifiche effettuate diventano permanenti solo se si fa clic su \b Applica\b0  o \b OK\b0  nella finestra Propriet\'e0.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Predef.\b0\par
Il pulsante Predef. della finestra Propriet\'e0 ripristina tutte le impostazioni del TouchPad\'99 sui valori preimpostati in fabbrica.\par
\par
Il pulsante Predef. di una finestra delle impostazioni ripristina tutte le impostazioni della finestra corrente sui valori preimpostati in fabbrica. Le modifiche effettuate diventano permanenti solo se si fa clic su \b Applica\b0  o \b OK\b0  nella finestra Propriet\'e0.\par
\par
\b Pulsante OK\b0\par
Il pulsante OK salva le modifiche apportate e chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Annulla\b0\par
Il pulsante Annulla chiude la finestra Propriet\'e0 senza salvare le modifiche.\par
\par
\b Pulsante Applica\b0\par
Il pulsante Applica salva le modifiche apportate, mantenendo comunque aperta la finestra Propriet\'e0 in modo da poterne apportare altre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Velocit\'e0 di scorrimento\b0\par
L'indicatore scorrevole Velocit\'e0 di scorrimento consente di regolare la velocit\'e0 di scorrimento. Trascinarlo verso destra per accelerare lo scorrimento.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Puntamento\b0\par
Le pagine delle impostazioni Puntamento consentono di specificare in che modo il cursore risponde alle azioni di puntamento e selezione dell'utente.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0\par
Il cursore Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento consente di regolare la quantit\'e0 di pressione da applicare per attivare la risposta del TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Se il TouchPad\'99 si sposta o fa clic in maniera irregolare o si lavora in una zona caratterizzata da elevata umidit\'e0, ridurre la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore verso \b Tocco pesante\b0.\par
\par
Se invece bisogna premere con forza per azionare il TouchPad\'99 oppure se il TouchPad\'99 non risponde sempre ai tocchi, aumentare la sensibilit\'e0 spostando il cursore verso \b Tocco leggero\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Punti di tocco\b0\par
Il diagramma dei punti di tocco rappresenta la superficie del TouchPad\'99. La sezione tratteggiata del diagramma indica le zone dei punti di tocco attivi sulla superficie del TouchPad\'99. Appoggiando il dito sul TouchPad\'99, vengono visualizzate delle frecce lungo il bordo del diagramma del TouchPad\'99 per indicare la posizione del dito. Se il dito si trova nella zona di un punto di tocco attivo del TouchPad\'99, la zona del punto di tocco corrispondente sul diagramma assume un colore pieno.\par
\par
Per ingrandire o ridurre le zone dei punti di tocco, trascinare uno dei quadratini neri sugli angoli delle sezioni tratteggiate. Se si fa fatica ad attivare un'azione associata a un punto di tocco, ingrandire l'area del punto di tocco. Se invece l'azione del punto di tocco si attiva con troppa facilit\'e0, ridurre la zona.\par
\par
Se i punti di tocco sono visualizzati in grigio e non sono regolabili, verificare che la casella di controllo \b Abilita punti di tocco\b0  sia selezionata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Premi e seleziona\b0\par
La funzione Premi e seleziona consente di usare i movimenti di tocco e pressione per eseguire i clic del mouse.\par
\par
Toccando o premendo sulla punta della levetta di puntamento si ottiene lo stesso risultato di un clic con il pulsante sinistro del mouse. Questi movimenti potrebbero tuttavia risultare pi\'f9 rapidi e pratici di quelli effettuati con il pulsante del mouse.\par
\par
Per "toccare" si intende appoggiare e sollevare rapidamente il dito dalla superficie della levetta di puntamento. I risultati migliori si ottengono con tocchi leggeri e veloci, mentre i tocchi con pressione eccessiva o lenti sono meno efficaci. Toccare una volta per ottenere un clic singolo oppure due volte per un doppio clic.\par
\par
"Premere" significa spingere rapidamente la levetta di puntamento con il dito. Il risultato migliore si ottiene con una pressione leggera ma decisa. Premere fino in fondo per simulare l'azione che si esegue quando si fa clic sul pulsante del mouse e lo si tiene premuto. Premere fino in fondo e poi lateralmente per fare clic e trascinare in qualunque direzione. Togliere la pressione equivale a rilasciare il pulsante del mouse.\par
\par
Si possono utilizzare anche i pulsanti fisici per fare clic; se questa casella di controllo \'e8 deselezionata, \'e8 possibile fare clic unicamente con i pulsanti fisici.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Solo Premi e seleziona\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata e si preme la punta della levetta di puntamento, l'oggetto su cui si \'e8 eseguita l'azione viene selezionato ma non aperto o spostato.\par
\par
\b Premi e seleziona poi trascina\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata e si preme la punta della levetta di puntamento, l'oggetto su cui si \'e8 eseguita l'azione viene selezionato e rimane selezionato, quindi pu\'f2 essere spostato azionando la levetta di puntamento. Questa azione equivale a premere e tenere premuto il pulsante sinistro del mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Premi e seleziona come clic principale\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata e si preme la levetta di puntamento, l'azione eseguita corrisponde a un clic sul pulsante principale del mouse.\par
\par
\b Premi e seleziona come clic secondario\b0\par
Quando questa opzione \'e8 selezionata e si preme la levetta di puntamento, l'azione eseguita corrisponde a un clic sul pulsante secondario del mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Velocit\'e0\b0\par
Il cursore Velocit\'e0 consente di regolare la velocit\'e0 con la quale occorre premere sulla levetta di puntamento perch\'e9 il gesto venga considerato un'azione "Premi e seleziona". Regolare il cursore della velocit\'e0 finch\'e9 i propri gesti di pressione non vengono rilevati facilmente. Se le pressioni non vengono rilevate, spostare il cursore verso \b Veloce\b0. Se si verificano troppe pressioni, spostarlo verso \b Lento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Sensibilit\'e0 sfioramento\b0\par
Le impostazioni di sensibilit\'e0 consentono di controllare la quantit\'e0 di pressione che deve essere esercitata sulla levetta di puntamento per spostare il puntatore a una velocit\'e0 particolare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Gesto rapido con tre dita\b0\par
Questo gesto consente di migliorare la navigazione per diverse applicazioni. \'c8 possibile utilizzare la funzione Gesto rapido con tre dita per navigare su Internet oppure per consultare delle foto nella finestra di un visualizzatore di immagini. Inoltre, il gesto pu\'f2 essere utilizzato per aprire o chiudere la modalit\'e0 presentazione del visualizzatore. Selezionare questa casella di controllo per abilitare il Gesto rapido con tre dita per la navigazione e le presentazioni.\par
\par
Guardare il video per imparare a eseguire il Gesto rapido con tre dita. Tenere le dita leggermente distanziate quando si esegue questo gesto.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Gesto rapido con tre dita orizzontale\par
Fare scorrere le dita verso destra o sinistra per passare alla pagina successiva o precedente in un visualizzatore di foto o nella finestra di un browser Internet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Gesto rapido con tre dita verticale\par
Scorrere le dita verso l'alto per attivare la modalit\'e0 presentazione. Scorrere le dita verso il basso per uscire dalla modalit\'e0 presentazione.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Utilizzare il cursore per regolare la velocit\'e0 della funzione EdgeMotion\'99. Per aumentare la velocit\'e0, spostare il cursore verso \b Veloce\b0 ; per ridurla, spostarlo verso \b Lento\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
Quando \'e8 selezionata l'opzione Movimento rallentato, \'e8 possibile scegliere un tasto di attivazione dalla casella di riepilogo. Per attivare la funzione Movimento rallentato, premere e tenere premuto il tasto specificato mentre si sposta il puntatore.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
Quando \'e8 selezionata l'opzione Movimento limitato, \'e8 possibile scegliere un tasto di attivazione dalla casella di riepilogo. Per attivare la funzione Movimento limitato, premere e tenere premuto il tasto specificato mentre si sposta il puntatore. La direzione iniziale del puntatore determina la direzione di movimento consentita per tutto il tempo in cui si tiene il dito appoggiato sul TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Gesto Copri\b0\par
Questo gesto libera il desktop riducendo a icona tutte le finestre aperte. Se si ripete questo gesto, le finestre vengono ripristinate.\par
\par
Per utilizzare la funzione Gesto Copri:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Appoggiare quattro dita sul TouchPad\'99 in modo da coprirne la maggior parte della superficie.\par
2.\tab Tenere ferme le dita finch\'e9 le finestre sul desktop non sono state ridotte a icona o ripristinate.\par
3.\tab Sollevare le dita dal TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Le impostazioni Smart Check possono contribuire a ridurre i casi di azionamento involontario del TouchPad\'99. Fare clic su ciascuna funzione per visualizzare informazioni dettagliate.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
\'c8 possibile premere in qualunque punto del ClickPad per eseguire un clic primario, secondario o centrale.\par
\par
Per impostazione predefinita, una pressione con un dito esegue un clic sul pulsante primario, con due dita sul pulsante secondario e con tre dita sul pulsante centrale. Selezionare \b Clic con due dita \b0 e \b Clic con tre dita \b0 per modificare la configurazione nel modo desiderato.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Per eseguire un clic con un dito, premere un dito sulla superficie del ClickPad finch\'e9 non si avverte che la superficie di abbassa. Un clic con un dito equivale a fare clic sul pulsante principale (sinistro) di un mouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
Per impostazione predefinita, un clic con un dito nell'angolo inferiore destro del CickPad esegue la stessa azione di un clic sul pulsante secondario (destro) del mouse.\par
\par
L'azione eseguita da un clic nell'angolo con un dito \'e8 configurabile. Per assegnare un'azione diversa, selezionarla dall'elenco.\par
\par
Alcune azioni richiedono impostazioni supplementari. Se occorrono ulteriori informazioni, viene abilitato il pulsante \b Configura\b0  oppure viene visualizzata una finestra di dialogo.\par
\par
\'c8 possibile fare clic sul pulsante \b Configura\b0  in qualsiasi momento per visualizzare o modificare le impostazioni.\par
\par
Se si utilizza una configurazione per mancini, fare clic nell'angolo inferiore sinistro del ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Per regolare la distanza di inerzia, usare il cursore. Per ottenere uno scorrimento pi\'f9 lungo, spostare il cursore verso \b Max\b0 . Per ottenere uno scorrimento pi\'f9 breve, spostare il cursore verso \b Min\b0 . Se il cursore non si sposta, verificare che l'opzione Abilita arresto per inerzia sia selezionata.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Scorrimento con un dito\b0\par
\'c8 possibile eseguire lo scorrimento in senso verticale.\par
\par
Fare clic sulla finestra o sull'elemento che si desidera scorrere e passare il dito verso l'alto o il basso lungo il bordo destro del TouchPad per scorrere in senso verticale.\par
\par
Se lo scorrimento non funziona, accertarsi di avere selezionato le caselle di controllo appropriate e che la finestra o l'elemento selezionato supporti lo scorrimento. Se i problemi persistono, controllare le impostazioni \b Zona di scorrimento\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0413\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0510200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0611200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1110200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0222201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Help-onderwerp niet-gedefinieerd\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
In het venster \b Eigenschappen\b0  kunt u de instellingen voor uw aanwijsapparaat aan uw behoeften aanpassen. Open de instelbare functies via de menustructuur links.\par
\par
\b Gebruik van het venster Eigenschappen\b0\par
Klik op een functie in de menustructuur om een pagina met instellingen voor die functie weer te geven. Bij bepaalde functies horen verscheidene pagina\rquote s met instellingen. Klik op het plusteken (\b +\b0 ) naast een functie om alle bijbehorende pagina\rquote s te zien. De instellingen verschijnen in het venster rechts van de menustructuur. Informatie over deze opties en instructies over hoe u ze kunt wijzigen, verschijnen hier in dit informatievak. Gebruik de schuifbalk om de inhoud van het informatievak weer te geven.\par
\par
\b Standaardinstellingen (knop)\b0\par
De knop \b Standaardinstellingen\b0  stelt alle instellingen op de huidige pagina opnieuw in op de fabriekswaarden.\par
\par
\b OK (knop)\b0\par
De knop \b OK\b0  slaat uw wijzigingen op en sluit het venster Eigenschappen.\par
\par
\b Annuleren (knop)\b0\par
De knop \b Annuleren\b0  sluit het venster Eigenschappen zonder de wijzigingen op te slaan en herstelt alle vorige instellingen.\par
\par
\b Toepassen (knop)\sub\v  \nosupersub\b0\v0\par
De knop \b Toepassen\b0  slaat uw wijzigingen op, maar houdt het venster Eigenschappen open zodat u meer wijzigingen kunt aanbrengen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
Het selectievakje \b Knoppen inschakelen\b0  schakelt de 'muis'-knoppen in voor dit aanwijsapparaat. Om te configureren welke handeling wordt uitgevoerd wanneer u een knop indrukt, selecteert u de naam van de knop in de menustructuur. U kunt bijvoorbeeld de rechterknop configureren om 'naar een webpagina in uw standaardbrowser' te gaan. Telkens als u dan op de rechterknop van uw aanwijsapparaat klikt, wordt de webbrowser automatisch geopend en de gespecificeerde pagina automatisch geladen.\par
\par
Als \b Knoppen inschakelen\b0  niet is geselecteerd, zijn de knoppen uitgeschakeld en gebeurt er niets als u ze indrukt; tikken is de enige manier om met uw aanwijsapparaat te klikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Scrollen in object onder aanwijzer\b0\par
Met de optie Scrollen in object onder aanwijzer scrollt u altijd in dat venster van de actieve toepassing dat zich onder de aanwijzer bevindt. Als de aanwijzer zich niet boven de actieve toepassing bevindt, kan deze niet scrollen.\par
Bijvoorbeeld als Windows Verkenner actief is: als de aanwijzer zich boven het linkerpaneel bevindt, zal deze door de directorystructuur scrollen. Bevindt de aanwijzer zich boven het rechterpaneel, dan zal de inhoud daarvan worden gescrolld. Als u op een andere toepassing klikt, zal er niet meer in Windows Verkenner worden gescrolld, zelfs niet als de aanwijzer zich boven een van de Windows-vensters bevindt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
Selecteer een handeling uit de bovenstaande lijst om die aan de geselecteerde knop toe te wijzen. Telkens als u dan op de knop drukt, wordt de geselecteerde handeling uitgevoerd.\par
\par
Kunt u geen handeling in de lijst selecteren, controleer dan of de knoppen ingeschakeld zijn. Voer de volgende stappen uit om de knoppen in te schakelen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b Knoppen\b0  in de menustructuur links.\par
2.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Knoppen inschakelen\b0  in.\par
3.\tab Selecteer de knop in de menustructuur \b Knoppen\b0  om terug te keren naar deze pagina.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Deze knop roept een dialoogvenster op voor de configuratie van de in de keuzelijst geselecteerde handeling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Drukken om te selecteren\b0  kunt u tik- en drukbewegingen gebruiken om 'muis'-klikken uit te voeren.\par
\par
Een tik of een druk op de tip van het aanwijspookje heeft hetzelfde resultaat als een klik met de linkermuisknop. Een tik of een druk op het aanwijspookje kan echter sneller en handiger zijn dan het gebruik van de muisknop.\par
\par
'Tikken' betekent snel de tip van het aanwijspookje aanraken en vervolgens uw vinger eraf halen. Een lichte, snelle tik werkt het best. Een zeer harde of langzame tik is minder doeltreffend. Tik eenmaal voor enkelvoudig klikken of tik tweemaal snel na elkaar voor dubbelklikken.\par
\par
'Drukken' betekent snel met uw vinger de tip van het aanwijspookje naar beneden duwen. Een lichte, behoedzame druk werkt het best. Druk recht omlaag om het aanklikken en ingedrukt houden van de muisknop te simuleren. Druk recht omlaag en vervolgens zijwaarts om klikken en slepen in de gewenste richting te simuleren. Oefen geen druk meer uit als u de muisknop wilt loslaten.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Drukken om te selecteren inschakelen\b0  in om deze functie in te schakelen.\par
\par
Er kan ook met de fysieke knoppen worden geklikt; als u dit selectievakje uitschakelt, kunt u alleen klikken door middel van de fysieke knoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Deze menustructuur vermeldt de opties voor uw aanwijsapparaat. Om een optie te configureren, klikt u op het corresponderende item in de menustructuur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Met de instellingenpagina's onder \b Aanwijzerverplaatsing\b0  kunt u opgeven hoe de 'muis'-aanwijzer zich volgens uw aanwijshandelingen op het scherm moet verplaatsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Beperkte verplaatsing\b0  kunt u de verplaatsing van de aanwijzer op het scherm tot een zuivere horizontale of verticale verplaatsing beperken. Deze functie is zeer nuttig bij gebruik van een tekenprogramma. U kunt beperkte verplaatsing activeren door een gespecificeerde toets in te drukken en deze ingedrukt te houden terwijl u de aanwijzer verplaatst. Als de toets is ingedrukt, bepaalt de richting waarin u de aanwijzer aanvankelijk beweegt, de verplaatsingsrichting die is toegestaan zolang uw vinger zich op het TouchPad bevindt.\par
\par
Schakel beperkte verplaatsing als volgt in.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer het selectievakje \b Beperkte verplaatsing inschakelen\b0  in om de opties in de keuzelijst te activeren.\par
2.\tab Kies een toets in de keuzelijst om beperkte verplaatsing te activeren.\par
3.\tab Telkens als u de richting van de aanwijzer wilt beperken, drukt u op de geselecteerde toets en houdt u deze ingedrukt.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b 'Drukken om te selecteren' betekent linksklikken\b0\par
Deze optie levert een linkermuisklik wanneer u op het aanwijspookje tikt of drukt. Een rechtermuisklik wordt gewoonlijk gebruikt om een snelmenu weer te geven.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Deze toetsen kunnen worden gebruikt om beperkte verplaatsing te activeren. Selecteer de gewenste toets door in de keuzelijst op het corresponderende item te klikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
De functie \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 wordt gebruikt om de aanwijzer gemakkelijk over lange afstanden te verplaatsen. Als uw vinger de rand van het TouchPad bereikt, blijft de aanwijzer zich in dezelfde richting verplaatsen totdat u uw vinger van het TouchPad haalt. Selecteer een van de EdgeMotion-opties.\par
\par
Virtueel scrollen kan met EdgeMotion worden gebruikt. Selecteer \b Scrollen over lange afstand\b0  in de menustructuur onder \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  om tijdens het scrollen EdgeMotion te gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion alleen inschakelen tijdens slepen\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, treedt EdgeMotion alleen in werking bij een tikken-en-slepen-beweging. EdgeMotion treedt niet in werking als de aanwijzer gewoon wordt verplaatst. Voor deze functie dient Tikken te zijn ingeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion inschakelen tijdens slepen en aanwijzen\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, treedt EdgeMotion in werking telkens als uw vinger de rand van het TouchPad bereikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Geen EdgeMotion \b0\par
Om de aanwijzer over een lange afstand te verplaatsen zonder gebruik van EdgeMotion, moet u verscheidene keren met uw vinger over het TouchPad strijken of de snelheid van de aanwijzerverplaatsing verhogen onder Muis in het Configuratiescherm.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
Door het selectievakje \b Tikzones inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen, kunt u elk van de vier hoeken van het TouchPad-oppervlak configureren om bij aantikken te functioneren als een bepaalde knop. Deze hoekzones heten \b Tikzones\b0 .\par
\par
Een tik op het midden van het TouchPad heeft altijd hetzelfde resultaat als een linkermuisklik.\par
\par
Als u het selectievakje \b Tikzones inschakelen\b0  uitschakelt, krijgt u een linkermuisklik als u het TouchPad op een willekeurige plaats aanklikt.\par
\par
U kunt diverse handelingen aan de zones toewijzen\par
\par
Schakel tikzones als volgt in.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Controleer of \b Tikken inschakelen\b0  is geselecteerd op de pagina \b Tikken\b0 .\par
2.\tab Schakel het bovengenoemd selectievakje \b Tikzones inschakelen\b0  in.\par
3.\tab Selecteer de naam van een Tikzone in de menustructuur om een handeling aan die zone toe te wijzen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
Selecteer de handeling die moet worden uitgevoerd als u in de linkerbenedenhoek van het TouchPad tikt.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Middelste klik\b0  selecteert, heeft een tik in de linkerbenedenhoek van het TouchPad-oppervlak hetzelfde resultaat als een klik met de middelste muisknop. Selecteer \b Geen zone\b0  om deze \b tikzone\b0  uit te schakelen (een tik in de zone levert dan een linkermuisklik, net zoals het aantikken van de rest van het TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
Selecteer de handeling die moet worden uitgevoerd als u in de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad tikt.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Middelste klik\b0  selecteert, heeft een tik in de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad-oppervlak hetzelfde resultaat als een klik met de middelste muisknop. Selecteer \b Geen zone\b0  om deze \b tikzone\b0  uit te schakelen (een tik in de zone levert dan een linkermuisklik, net zoals het aantikken van de rest van het TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
Selecteer de handeling die moet worden uitgevoerd als u in de rechterbovenhoek van het TouchPad tikt.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Rechtsklikken\b0  selecteert, heeft een tik in de rechterbovenhoek van het TouchPad-oppervlak hetzelfde resultaat als een klik met de rechtermuisknop of de rechterknop op het TouchPad. Selecteer \b Geen zone\b0  om deze \b tikzone\b0  uit te schakelen (een tik in de zone levert dan een linkermuisklik, net zoals het aantikken van de rest van het TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
Selecteer de handeling die moet worden uitgevoerd als u in de rechterbenedenhoek van het TouchPad tikt.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Rechtsklikken\b0  selecteert, heeft een tik in de rechterbenedenhoek van het TouchPad-oppervlak hetzelfde resultaat als een druk op de rechtermuisknop of rechterknop van het TouchPad. Selecteer \b Geen zone\b0  om deze \b tikzone\b0  uit te schakelen (een tik in de zone levert dan een linkermuisklik, net zoals het aantikken van de rest van het TouchPad).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Druk op deze knop om het dialoogvenster Eigenschappen voor de geselecteerde handeling te zien.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Bovenstaand diagram stelt het oppervlak van het TouchPad voor. Het dubbel gearceerde deel van het diagram toont de actieve tikzonegebieden van het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad plaatst, verschijnen er pijlen langs de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die aangeven waar uw vinger zich bevindt. Als uw vinger zich in een actief tikzonegebied van het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende tikzonegebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de tikzonegebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes te verslepen die zich bij de hoeken van de dubbel gearceerde delen bevinden.\par
\par
Als u moeite hebt om een tikzonehandeling uit te voeren, kunt u proberen om het tikzonegebied groter te maken. Als u te gemakkelijk een tikzonehandeling teweegbrengt, kunt u proberen om het tikzonegebied kleiner te maken.\par
\par
Als de tikzones grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden gewijzigd, controleert u of \b Tikken\b0  en \b Tikzones\b0  zijn geselecteerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
Hierin leert u de TouchPad-knoppen aan uw behoeften aanpassen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Standaardinstellingen\b0\par
Stelt alle instellingen op deze pagina opnieuw in op de fabriekswaarden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
De EdgeMotion-snelheid kan worden ingesteld op drukgevoelig of constant.\par
\par
\b Snelheid regelen met vingerdruk\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie als u de EdgeMotion-snelheid wilt verhogen door harder op het TouchPad-oppervlak te drukken.\par
\par
\b Constante snelheid\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie als u wilt dat de EdgeMotion-snelheid altijd hetzelfde blijft.\par
\par
\b EdgeMotion-snelheid instellen\b0\par
Deze schuifregelaar bepaalt de EdgeMotion-snelheid wanneer de optie \b Constante snelheid\b0  is geselecteerd. U kunt de EdgeMotion-snelheid kiezen door de schuifregelaar tussen \b Langzaam\b0  en \b Snel\b0  in te stellen.\par
\par
Als de bedieningselementen op deze pagina grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden gewijzigd, controleert u of EdgeMotion is ingeschakeld. Voer de volgende stappen uit om EdgeMotion in te schakelen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b EdgeMotion\b0  in de menustructuur links.\par
2.\tab Selecteer een van de opties voor \b EdgeMotion inschakelen\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b EdgeMotion-snelheid\b0  in de menustructuur om naar deze pagina terug te keren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Als dit selectievakje is ingeschakeld, is de EdgeMotion-snelheid afhankelijk van hoe hard u met uw vinger op het TouchPad drukt.\par
\par
Als dit selectievakje niet is ingeschakeld, verplaatst de aanwijzer zich met de door middel van de schuifregelaar ingestelde snelheid wanneer de vinger zich in het EdgeMotion-gebied bevindt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in vooreen constante EdgeMotion-snelheid.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Een tik op het oppervlak van het TouchPad heeft hetzelfde resultaat als een klik met de linkerknop van het TouchPad. Een tik is echter gewoonlijk sneller en handiger dan het gebruik van de muisknop.\par
\par
'Tikken' betekent snel het TouchPad-oppervlak aanraken en vervolgens uw vinger van het oppervlak halen. Een lichte, snelle tik werkt het best. Zeer harde of langzame tikken zijn minder doeltreffend. Tik eenmaal voor enkelvoudig klikken of tik tweemaal snel na elkaar voor dubbelklikken.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tikken inschakelen\b0  in om deze functie in te schakelen. Er kan ook met de TouchPad-knoppen worden geklikt. Als u dit selectievakje uitschakelt, kunt u alleen klikken door middel van de TouchPad-knoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Virtueel scrollen - zelfstudie\b0\par
Met deze eenvoudige doolhof leert u de functie Virtueel scrollen gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Als het selectievakje \b Tikken om te klikken\b0  niet is ingeschakeld, moet u de fysieke TouchPad-knoppen indrukken om te klikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Nogmaals tikken en blijven staan om te slepen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje om in objecten en selecties te verslepen door op het TouchPad te tikken. Om te slepen tikt u tweemaal op het object en laat u bij de tweede tik uw vinger op het TouchPad staan. Schuif uw vinger over het TouchPad-oppervlak om het geselecteerde object te verplaatsen en haal uw vinger van het TouchPad om het object neer te zetten. Deze handeling heeft hetzelfde resultaat als wanneer u achtereenvolgens de muisknop indrukt, de muis verplaatst en de muisknop loslaat.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Slepen vergrendelen \b0\par
Met de functie \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  kunt u objecten over grote afstanden met meerdere vingerbewegingen over het scherm verslepen. Als \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  is geselecteerd, stopt het slepen niet nadat u uw vinger van het TouchPad hebt gehaald. Tik opnieuw op het TouchPad of klik op een willekeurige knop om het object neer te zetten en het slepen te be\'ebindigen. Als u \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  wilt gebruiken, dienen de functies \b Tikken\b0  en \b Nogmaals tikken en blijven staan om te slepen\b0  ook te zijn geselecteerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
De functie \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 voorkomt dat het TouchPad door onbedoeld contact in werking treedt. Met PalmCheck 'weet' het TouchPad wanneer uw palm erop rust of erlangs strijkt terwijl u typt. Dit helpt ongewenste aanwijzerverplaatsingen of klikken te voorkomen.\par
\par
Als het TouchPad ongewenste aanwijzerverplaatsingen of tikken uitvoert, kunt u PalmCheck op een hogere waarde instellen door de schuifknop naar rechts in de richting van \b Maximaal\b0  te slepen. Als het TouchPad gewenste verplaatsingen of tikken niet uitvoert, kunt u PalmCheck op een lagere waarde instellen door de schuifknop naar links in de richting van \b Minimaal\b0  te slepen. Als de schuifknop zich in de rode zone bevindt, is de kans groter dat het TouchPad gewenste verplaatsingen of tikken niet uitvoert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Met de schuifregelaar \b Tikgevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend voordat het TouchPad reageert.\par
\par
Als de aanwijzer zich onregelmatig verplaatst of onregelmatig klikt, kunt u de gevoeligheid verminderen door de schuifknop naar rechts te slepen in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
Als u te hard moet drukken om het TouchPad in werking te stellen of als het TouchPad niet altijd reageert op uw tikken, moet u de gevoeligheid verhogen door de schuifregelaar naar links te slepen in de richting van \b Licht aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Scrollen in geselecteerd object \b0\par
Met de optie Scrollen in geselecteerd object scrollt u altijd in dat venster van de actieve toepassing waarin het toetsenbord actief is. Zelfs als de aanwijzer zich niet boven de actieve toepassing bevindt, zal deze nog steeds in het venster scrollen waarin het toetsenbord actief is.\par
Bijvoorbeeld in Windows Verkenner: als u in het linkerpaneel klikt en vervolgens scrollt, zal de aanwijzer door de directorystructuur scrollen, ongeacht de positie van de aanwijzer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b EdgeMotion inschakelen tijdens scrollen\b0  in als u wilt blijven scrollen nadat uw vinger de rand van het TouchPad heeft bereikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b 'Drukken om te selecteren' betekent rechtsklikken\b0\par
Deze optie levert een rechtermuisklik wanneer u op het aanwijspookje tikt of drukt. Een rechtermuisklik wordt gewoonlijk gebruikt om een snelmenu weer te geven.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Vrijloopscrollen\b0  kunt u vlot in lange documenten scrollen. Met vrijloopscrollen blijft u virtueel scrollen totdat u uw vinger van het TouchPad haalt. Gebruik vrijloopscrollen door uw vinger met \'e9\'e9n vloeiende beweging te verplaatsen en op te lichten. Stop vrijloopscrollen door uw vinger weer terug op het TouchPad-oppervlak te zetten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen \b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om horizontaal virtueel scrollen in te schakelen in vensters met horizontale schuifbalken. Om horizontaal in het geselecteerde venster of object te scrollen, schuift u met uw vinger heen en weer langs de onderrand van het TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen \b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om verticaal virtueel scrollen in te schakelen. Om verticaal in het geselecteerde venster of object te scrollen, schuift u met uw vinger heen en weer langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Bovenstaand diagram stelt het oppervlak van het TouchPad voor. Het dubbel gearceerde deel van het diagram toont de gebieden voor virtueel scrollen in het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad plaatst, verschijnen er pijlen langs de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die aangeven waar uw vinger zich bevindt. Als uw vinger zich in een actief gebied voor virtueel scrollen in het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende scrollgebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de scrollgebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes te verslepen die zich bij de rand van de dubbel gearceerde delen bevinden.\par
\par
Als u moeite hebt om virtueel scrollen te doen werken, kunt u proberen om het scrollgebied groter te maken door de randen van het dubbel gearceerde deel naar binnen te verplaatsen. Als u te gemakkelijk virtueel scrollen teweegbrengt, kunt u proberen om het scrollgebied kleiner te maken.\par
\par
Als de scrollgebieden grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden gewijzigd, controleert u of virtueel scrollen is ingeschakeld. Voer de volgende stappen uit om virtueel scrollen in te schakelen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  in de menustructuur links.\par
2.\tab Schakel de gewenste selectievakjes \b Scrollen inschakelen\b0  in.\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b Scrollgebied\b0  in de menustructuur om naar deze pagina terug te keren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Oefening (knop)\b0\par
Klik op de knop \b Oefening\b0  om de zelfstudie \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  uit te voeren. Met deze eenvoudige doolhof leert u de functie Virtueel scrollen gebruiken.\par
\par
N.B. Controleer of de selectievakjes \b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  en \b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  zijn ingeschakeld.\par
\par
Bekijk de doolhof voordat u probeert om het begin- en eindpunt te vinden. U kunt de volledige doolhof niet zien omdat deze groter is dan het venster waarin hij wordt weergegeven. Gebruik virtueel scrollen om het aanzicht van de doolhof in het venster te wijzigen. Houd de Ctrl-toets ingedrukt en gebruik virtueel scrollen om op de doolhof in en uit te zoomen.\par
\par
Een gele stip in de linkerbovenhoek van de doolhof geeft aan waar de ingang van de doolhof is. Een blauwe stip aan de rechterzijde van de doolhof geeft aan waar de uitgang is.\par
\par
Begin als volgt.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik op het rode vierkant in de gele stip om van start te gaan.\par
2.\tab Gebruik de pijltoetsen of tik op het TouchPad om u door de doolhof te verplaatsen.\par
3.\tab Gebruik virtueel scrollen om uw aanzicht op de doolhof te verplaatsen.\par
4.\tab Klik op de sluitknop in het oefenvenster nadat u bij de blauwe stip in de rechterbenedenhoek bent aangekomen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Met deze schuifregelaar kunt u de snelheid van \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  instellen. Sleep de schuifregelaar naar rechts om sneller te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Hiermee kunt u de verplaatsing van de aanwijzer naar wens instellen. Selecteer Help over specifieke onderwerpen voor meer informatie.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b 'Drukken om te selecteren' en slepen\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie als u wilt dat selecteren-en-slepen door een druk en alleen selecteren door een tik wordt teweeggebracht.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Langzame verplaatsing\b0  kunt u de snelheid van de aanwijzer verminderen om zijn nauwkeurigheid te verbeteren en hem met meer precisie te kunnen plaatsen. U kunt langzame verplaatsing activeren door een gespecificeerde toets in te drukken en deze ingedrukt te houden terwijl u de aanwijzer verplaatst.\par
\par
Schakel langzame verplaatsing als volgt in.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Langzame verplaatsing inschakelen\b0  in om de opties in de keuzelijst te activeren.\par
2.\tab Kies een toets in de keuzelijst waarmee u langzame verplaatsing kunt activeren.\par
3.\tab Telkens als u de aanwijzer langzaam wilt verplaatsen, drukt u op de geselecteerde toets en houdt u deze ingedrukt.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Deze functie verplaatst de aanwijzer automatisch naar de standaardknop als een dialoogvenster op uw scherm verschijnt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Wellicht wilt u soms ook de verplaatsingsmogelijkheden van de aanwijzer beperken tot alleen horizontaal of alleen verticaal. U kunt een toets specificeren voor beperkte verplaatsing en vervolgens de toets indrukken en ingedrukt houden terwijl u de aanwijzer verplaatst. De richting waarin u de aanwijzer aanvankelijk beweegt terwijl u deze toets ingedrukt houdt, bepaalt of de aanwijzer zich alleen horizontaal of alleen verticaal kan verplaatsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
De aanwijzer-refreshrate \b Snel\b0  zorgt doorgaans voor een zeer vloeiende verplaatsing van de aanwijzer. Als de aanwijzer op het scherm echter onstabiel lijkt of knippert, kunt u de aanwijzer-refreshrate \b Langzaam\b0  selecteren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Met de eigenschappenpagina's voor het Synaptics TouchPad kunt u het TouchPad configureren. Deze pagina\rquote s bevinden zich onder Muis in het Configuratiescherm.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Klik hier om uw internetbrowser te openen en onmiddellijk naar deze koppeling te gaan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Pannen is continu scrollen. U kunt horizontaal, verticaal of diagonaal pannen in beide richtingen.\par
\par
Denk eraan dat pannen uitsluitend werkt in toepassingen die de Microsoft Intellimouse ondersteunen en dat vele van deze toepassingen de richtingen beperken waarin u kunt pannen (Voorbeelden: in Microsoft Word kunt u alleen verticaal pannen; in Microsoft Excel kunt u verticaal en horizontaal, maar niet diagonaal pannen.)\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zoomen is de vergroting van het document wijzigen. U kunt inzoomen voor meer vergroting en uitzoomen voor minder vergroting.\par
\par
Denk eraan dat zoomen alleen werkt in toepassingen die de Microsoft Intellimouse ondersteunen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Deze handeling verplaatst de aanwijzer automatisch naar de knop Start in de taakbalk en opent het menu Start.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Springen naar menu van actieve venster\b0\par
Deze handeling verplaatst de aanwijzer automatisch naar het meest links gelegen item in het menu van het actieve venster (doorgaans het menu \b Bestand\b0 ) en opent dat element.\par
Het kan zijn dat deze functie niet werkt met vensters waarvan de menu's niet het standaardformaat hebben.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Deze handeling minimaliseert het actieve venster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Deze handeling maximaliseert het actieve venster, zodat dit het volledige scherm beslaat. Als het actieve venster al is gemaximaliseerd, herstelt deze handeling het oorspronkelijke formaat en de oorspronkelijke positie van het venster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Deze handeling herstelt het oorspronkelijke formaat en de oorspronkelijke positie van een geminimaliseerd of gemaximaliseerd venster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Deze handeling start automatisch een door u gespecificeerd programma. Na selectie van deze handeling kunt u het programma starten door op de knop Eigenschappen te drukken naast de keuzelijst met invoervak.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Met deze handeling kunt u het gehele TouchPad-oppervlak gebruiken voor de besturing van virtueel scrollen\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . Om terug te keren naar de normale werking van het TouchPad, voert u de geassocieerde beweging nogmaals uit.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Als de actieve toepassing een webbrowser is, gaat u met deze handeling naar de vorige pagina in de geschiedenisbuffer van de browser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Als de actieve toepassing een webbrowser is, gaat u met deze handeling naar de volgende pagina in de geschiedenisbuffer van de browser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Deze handeling start de standaardwebbrowser en gaat naar een webpagina. Na selectie van deze handeling kunt u de te bezoeken webpagina kiezen door op de knop Eigenschappen te klikken naast de keuzelijst met invoervak.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Als de actieve toepassing een webbrowser is, zorgt deze handeling dat de huidige webpagina opnieuw vanuit de bron wordt geladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Als de actieve toepassing een webbrowser is, zorgt deze handeling dat de browser stopt met het laden van de huidige webpagina.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Twee vingers op het TouchPad-oppervlak plaatsen en in een bepaalde richting bewegen wordt tweevingerbeweging genoemd. Het TouchPad kan deze bewegingen waarnemen in elk van de acht kompasrichtingen. Met deze pagina kunt u instellen welke handeling het TouchPad moet uitvoeren wanneer dergelijke bewegingen worden waargenomen.\par
\par
Om het verwerken van vingerbewegingen in te schakelen, schakelt u het selectievakje in. Vervolgens kiest u een handeling uit de keuzelijst voor elke bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging linksboven in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging boven in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging linksboven in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging links in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging rechtsonder in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging onder in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging linksonder in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
Selecteer welke handeling moet worden uitgevoerd als een tweevingerbeweging links in het TouchPad wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Page Up-toets indrukken\b0  selecteert, voert deze beweging dezelfde handeling uit als wanneer u de Page Up-toets op het toetsenbord indrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Toetsenbordmacro opnemen en uitvoeren\b0\par
\par
Dit maakt het mogelijk om een opgenomen reeks toetsaanslagen uit te voeren. Na selectie van deze handeling kunt u de reeks van uit te voeren toetsaanslagen opnemen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Toetsenbordmacro opnemen (dialoogvenster)\b0\par
Met dit dialoogvenster kunt u een reeks van toetsaanslagen opnemen om later 'af te spelen'. Zo'n opgenomen reeks van toetsaanslagen wordt vaak een toetsenbord\i macro\i0  genoemd.\par
\par
Druk op de knop \b Starten\b0  om een macro te beginnen opnemen. De knop \b Stoppen\b0  wordt dan ingeschakeld terwijl \b Starten\b0  wordt uitgeschakeld, wat betekent dat een opname aan de gang is. Omdat alle toetsaanslagen gedurende de opname worden onderschept, kunt u de opname alleen onderbreken door met de muis op de knop Stoppen te klikken.\par
\par
Als er niet wordt opgenomen, kunt u de knop \b Wissen\b0  gebruiken om de buffer met opgenomen toetsaanslagen leeg te maken. Tijdens de opname doet deze knop dienst als de Backspace-toets. Een druk op de toets \b Terug\b0  verwijdert de laatst opgenomen toetsaanslag uit de buffer. Denk eraan dat er tijdens de opname met de muis op de knop \b Terug\b0  moet worden geklikt.\par
\par
Naarmate de toetsaanslagen worden opgenomen, verschijnen ze ook in het tekstvak van het opnamedialoogvenster. Letter-, cijfer- en leestekentoetsen verschijnen in het tekstvak net zoals ze zouden verschijnen in een getypt document. Niet-afdrukbare toetsen worden in het tekstvak voorgesteld door een mnemonisch symbool in accolades.\par
\par
Om de leesbaarheid van het tekstvak te vereenvoudigen, worden de meeste toetsen alleen weergegeven in het tekstvak wanneer ze worden ingedrukt. De modustoetsen (zoals \b Shift\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  en \b Alt\b0 ) worden echter in het tekstvak weergegeven wanneer ze worden ingedrukt \'e9n wanneer ze worden losgelaten. Dit maakt het mogelijk om toetsenbordmoduswijzigingen in het tekstvak te 'lezen'.\par
\par
Denk eraan dat het tekstvak niet rechtstreeks kan worden bewerkt. Het is bijvoorbeeld niet mogelijk om een toetsaanslag in het midden van een reeds opgenomen reeks in te voegen. Om dat te doen moet u de opgenomen buffer wissen en de gewenste reeks toetsaanslagen opnieuw opnemen.\par
\par
Wanneer u klaar bent met opnemen, drukt u op \b OK\b0  om de macro op te slaan of op \b Annuleren\b0  om de opname te verwijderen. In beide gevallen wordt het dialoogvenster afgesloten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
Selecteer een handeling voor deze TouchPad-knop. U kunt naar wens kiezen welke knop welke handeling in de keuzelijst moet uitvoeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Stelt de tijd in die mag verlopen tussen de klikken wanneer u dubbelklikt met de primaire muisknop. Als u een onervaren muisgebruiker bent, kan het zijn dat dubbelklikken gemakkelijker wordt door de schuifregelaar in de richting van Langzaam in te stellen. U kunt de dubbelkliksnelheid testen door op het beeld in het testgebied te dubbelklikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Verschaft een plaats waar u de dubbelkliksnelheid van uw muis kunt testen. Als het doosje open- of dichtgaat wordt uw dubbelklikken herkent.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Stelt de snelheid in waarmee de aanwijzer zich over het scherm verplaatst.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Specificeert hoe snel de muisaanwijzer zijn maximale snelheid bereikt. Met versnelling legt de muisaanwijzer meer afstand af wanneer u de muis snel verplaatst. Geen versnelling doet de muisaanwijzer bewegen met dezelfde snelheid als de muis.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
Voegt een spoor toe aan de muisaanwijzer, waardoor hij gemakkelijk op een LCD-scherm te zien is. Om de lengte van het aanwijzerspoor te wijzigen, versleept u de schuifregelaar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Selecteer dit vakje om de functies voor universeel scrollen in te schakelen. Klik op de instellingenknop om de scrollfuncties te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om de scrollfuncties te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om de functies voor tweevingerbeweging te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om de functies voor drievingerbeweging te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om de tikzonefuncties te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om de EdgeMotion-functies te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Als \b Apparaat uitschakelen\b0  is geselecteerd, levert het huidige aanwijsapparaat niet langer cursorverplaatsing, scrollen of andere functionaliteit.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Twee vingers op het TouchPad-oppervlak plaatsen en in een bepaalde richting bewegen wordt tweevingerbeweging genoemd. Het TouchPad kan deze bewegingen waarnemen in elk van de acht kompasrichtingen.\par
\par
Om het verwerken van tweevingerbewegingen in te schakelen, selecteert u het vakje Tweevingerbewegingen inschakelen. Klik vervolgens op de knop voor de tweevingerinstelling om te selecteren welke handeling het TouchPad moet uitvoeren als een tweevingerbeweging wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Drie vingers op het TouchPad-oppervlak plaatsen en in een bepaalde richting bewegen wordt drievingerbeweging genoemd. Het TouchPad kan deze bewegingen waarnemen in elk van twee kompasrichtingen.\par
\par
Om het verwerken van drievingerbewegingen in te schakelen, selecteert u het vakje Drievingerbewegingen inschakelen. Klik vervolgens op de knop voor de drievingerinstelling om te selecteren welke handeling het TouchPad moet uitvoeren als een drievingerbeweging wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Twee of drie vingers op het TouchPad-oppervlak plaatsen en in een bepaalde richting bewegen wordt vingerbeweging genoemd. Het TouchPad kan deze bewegingen waarnemen in elk van de acht kompasrichtingen.\par
\par
U kunt een willekeurige combinatie van twee- of drievingerbewegingen inschakelen. Om het verwerken van vingerbewegingen in te schakelen, schakelt u het juiste selectievakje in. Klik vervolgens op de instellingenknop om te selecteren welke handeling het TouchPad moet uitvoeren als een drievingerbeweging wordt waargenomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Dit is een klein diagram van het TouchPad waarin de tikzones met een dubbel gearceerd gebied zijn aangeduid. U kunt de tikzones groter of kleiner maken door de zwarte formaatgrepen te verslepen. Pijlen aan weerszijden van het diagram duiden de positie van uw vinger op het werkelijke TouchPad aan. Als uw vinger zich in een actief tikzonegebied van het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende tikzonegebied in het diagram een effen kleur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Drukken om alleen te selecteren\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie als u wilt dat een tik of druk op het aanwijspookje selecteert zonder te verslepen. Dit is hetzelfde als een enkele muisklik.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Dit is een lijst van alle toetsen die langzame verplaatsing kunnen activeren. Selecteer de toets die u wilt gebruiken, door op het corresponderende item in de keuzelijst te klikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion-snelheid instellen\b0\par
Deze schuifregelaar bepaalt de EdgeMotion-snelheid wanneer de optie \b Constante snelheid\b0  is geselecteerd.\par
U kunt de EdgeMotion-snelheid kiezen door de schuifregelaar tussen \b Langzaam\b0  en \b Snel\b0  in te stellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
Selecteer een handeling in de keuzelijst die u aan deze knop wilt toewijzen. Vele handelingen vereisen geen extra configuratie. Als er echter meer informatie vereist is, wordt de knop \b Configureren\b0  ingeschakeld of verschijnt er een configuratiedialoogvenster. U kunt op elk willekeurig moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  drukken om de configuratie van de handeling te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
Selecteer een handeling in de keuzelijst die u aan deze tikzone wilt toewijzen. Vele handelingen vereisen geen extra configuratie. Als er echter meer informatie vereist is, wordt de knop \b Configureren\b0  ingeschakeld of verschijnt er een configuratiedialoogvenster. U kunt op elk willekeurig moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  drukken om de configuratie van de handeling te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
Er kunnen tal van handelingen aan de Tikzones worden toegewezen Het kan zijn dat er meer handelingen beschikbaar zijn als u TouchPad-pluginsoftware van een andere leverancier hebt ge\'efnstalleerd.\par
\par
\ul\b Tikzonehandelingen\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Springen naar knop Start\b0\par
Deze handeling verplaatst de aanwijzer naar de knop \b Start\b0  in de Windows-taakbalk en opent automatisch het menu \b Start\b0 .\par
\par
\b Huidige toepassing minimaliseren\b0\par
Deze handeling minimaliseert het venster van de huidige toepassing. Als het venster van de huidige toepassing al is geminimaliseerd, herstelt deze handeling het oorspronkelijke formaat en de oorspronkelijke positie van het venster.\par
\par
\b Huidige toepassing maximaliseren\b0\par
Deze handeling maximaliseert het venster van de huidige toepassing (zodat dit het volledige scherm inneemt). Als het venster van de huidige toepassing al is gemaximaliseerd, herstelt deze handeling het oorspronkelijke formaat en de oorspronkelijke positie van het venster.\par
\par
\b Geselecteerd programma uitvoeren\b0\par
Hiermee kunt u de naam van een willekeurig programma opgeven dat u wilt laten uitvoeren telkens als u op de knop klikt of in de tikzone tikt.\par
\par
Als de opties van de keuzelijst grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden geselecteerd, controleert u of \b Tikken\b0  en \b Tikzones\b0  zijn ingeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Octrooien\par
Scrollselectie\par
Systeeminstellingen\par
Apparaatinstellingen\par
aan\par
Stoppen bij vensterranden\par
Stoppen bij vensterranden inschakelen\par
EdgeMotion alleen inschakelen tijdens &slepen\par
EdgeMotion inschakelen tijdens slepen en &aanwijzen\par
Geen EdgeMotion\par
Virtueel scrollen\par
Constante snelheid\par
Drukken om alleen te selecteren\par
'Drukken om te selecteren' en slepen\par
Handeling bij 'drukken om te selecteren'\par
'Drukken om te selecteren' betekent linksklikken\par
Object selecteren\par
Knoppen\par
Knoppen inschakelen\par
Tikken en slepen\par
Scrollen over lange afstand\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
De functies \b Tikken en slepen\b0  stemmen overeen met de functionaliteit van de 'muis'-knoppen.\par
\par
\b Nogmaals tikken en blijven staan om te slepen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om objecten en selecties te verslepen zonder op de muis- of TouchPad-knop te drukken. Om te slepen tikt u tweemaal op het object en laat u bij de tweede tik uw vinger op het TouchPad staan. Schuif uw vinger over het TouchPad-oppervlak om het geselecteerde object te verplaatsen en haal uw vinger van het TouchPad om het object neer te zetten.\par
\par
\b Slepen vergrendelen \b0\par
Met de functie \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  kunt u objecten over grote afstanden over het scherm verslepen met meerdere vingerbewegingen. Als \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  is geselecteerd, stopt het slepen niet nadat u uw vinger van het TouchPad hebt gehaald. Tik het TouchPad nogmaals aan om het object neer te zetten en het verslepen te be\'ebindigen. Om \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  te kunnen gebruiken, moet de functie \b Nogmaals tikken en blijven staan om te slepen\b0  eveneens zijn geselecteerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  kunt u scrollen met een enkele beweging van uw vinger. Met virtueel scrollen werken de schuifbalken automatisch, zodat u de aanwijzer niet van uw werk hoeft te verwijderen. Virtueel scrollen kan worden gebruikt met de meeste scrollbare vensters zoals tekstverwerkingsdocumenten, spreadsheets en grote digitale beelden. De functie kan ook met andere scrollbare objecten, zoals bestands- en lettertypelijsten, worden gebruikt. Virtueel scrollen is de beste manier om eenvoudig en vloeiend in alle toepassingen te scrollen. Klik op het venster of object waarin u wilt scrollen, en schuif met uw vinger op en neer langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad om verticaal te scrollen. U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  of \b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen. Als virtueel scrollen niet werkt, controleert u of het gewenste selectievakje voor \b Scrollen inschakelen\b0  is ingeschakeld en of het aangeklikte venster of object scrollbaar is. Als het probleem niet is verholpen, controleert u de instellingen voor \b Scrollgebied\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Met de instellingen voor \b Gevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoe het TouchPad op uw aanraken reageert.\par
\par
Om de gevoeligheidsinstellingen te wijzigen, selecteert u een item in de menustructuur \b Gevoeligheid\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Bovenstaand diagram stelt het oppervlak van het TouchPad voor. Het dubbel gearceerde deel van het diagram toont de EdgeMotion-gebieden van het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad plaatst, verschijnen er pijlen langs de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die aangeven waar uw vinger zich bevindt. Als uw vinger zich in een actief EdgeMotion-gebied van het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende EdgeMotion-gebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de EdgeMotion-gebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes te verslepen die zich bij de rand van de dubbel gearceerde delen bevinden.\par
\par
Als u moeite hebt om EdgeMotion te doen werken, kunt u proberen om het EdgeMotion-gebied groter te maken door de randen van het dubbel gearceerde deel naar binnen te verplaatsen. Als u te gemakkelijk EdgeMotion teweegbrengt, kunt u proberen om het EdgeMotion-gebied kleiner te maken.\par
\par
Als de EdgeMotion-gebieden grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden gewijzigd, controleert u of EdgeMotion is ingeschakeld. Voer de volgende stappen uit om EdgeMotion in te schakelen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b EdgeMotion\b0  in de menustructuur links.\par
2.\tab Selecteer een van de opties voor \b EdgeMotion\b0  \b inschakelen\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b EdgeMotion-gebied\b0  in de menustructuur om naar deze pagina terug te keren.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Octrooien\b0\par
Deze software, de bijbehorende apparaten en/of gebruik van bijbehorende apparaten vallen onder een of meer van de volgende octrooien:\par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. Europa:\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB]; \par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. Korea:\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Octrooinr. Singapore:\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. uitvindingen Taiwan:\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. China:\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. voor Hongkong\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. Japan:\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Octrooinrs. Verenigde Staten: \b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
en andere octrooien, verkregen en aangevraagd.\par
\par
\b Handelsmerken\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, het ChiralMotion-logo, het Scrybe-logo en het Synaptics-logo zijn handelsmerken van Synaptics Incorporated, gedeponeerd in de V.S. en/of andere landen. Alle andere product-, service- of bedrijfsnamen die hier worden vermeld, zijn handelsmerken en handelsnamen van hun respectievelijke bedrijven.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Alle rechten voorbehouden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Stoppen bij vensterranden\b0  houdt u de aanwijzer binnen het actieve venster. Als u probeert om de aanwijzer buiten het venster te verplaatsen, stopt hij bij de rand. Als u een tweede poging doet, kan de aanwijzer het venster verlaten.\par
\par
Door de aanwijzer bij de vensterranden tegen te houden, is het gemakkelijker om bedieningselementen te gebruiken die zich bij de rand van een venster bevinden. Om bijvoorbeeld een venster te sluiten of het te vergroten/verkleinen, kunt u de aanwijzer snel in de richting van het sluitvak of de rand van het venster verplaatsen. De aanwijzer stopt dan precies waar u dat wilt.\par
\par
Om deze functie in te schakelen, schakelt u het selectievakje \b Stoppen bij vensterranden inschakelen\b0  in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
De knoppen op deze pagina regelen hoe de functie 'Drukken om te selecteren' werkt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Scrollsnelheid\b0\par
Met deze schuifregelaar kunt u opgeven hoe snel in het venster moet worden gescrolld als reactie op de beweging van uw vinger in het scrollgebied.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Deze schuifregelaar bepaalt hoe snel u op het aanwijspookje moet drukken om een handeling uit te voeren die met een 'muis'-klik overeenstemt.\par
\par
Als er ongewenste klikken optreden, kunt u de snelheid hoger instellen. Als u het aanwijspookje echter moeilijk kunt doen werken, kunt u de snelheid lager instellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
De snelheidsregelaar kan worden ingesteld tussen 'Langzaam drukken' (links) en 'Snel drukken' (rechts).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Hiermee kunt u instellen of een druk op het aanwijspookje overeenstemt met een rechterklik (handeling voor snelmenu) in plaats van met een linkerklik (handeling voor normaal selecteren).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
Met \b Drukken om te selecteren\b0  kunt u de functie 'drukken om te selecteren' van het aanwijspookje instellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Met de instellingen voor \b Gevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoe het aanwijspookje op uw aanraken reageert.\par
\par
Om de gevoeligheidsinstellingen te wijzigen, selecteert u een item in de menustructuur \b Gevoeligheid\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Met de schuifregelaar \b Tikgevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend om de aanwijzer met een bepaalde snelheid te verplaatsen. Als de aanwijzer zich onregelmatig verplaatst, kunt u de schuifregelaar naar rechts slepen in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Hiermee kunt u instellen of drukken op het aanwijspookje kan worden gebruikt om objecten over het scherm te verslepen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Als u op deze knop drukt, verschijnt de zelfstudie voor virtueel scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Hiermee kunt u regelen hoe het TouchPad reageert wanneer een extern PS2-apparaat is aangesloten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
TouchPad en extern PS2-apparaat gelijktijdig gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
TouchPad uitschakelen wanneer extern PS2-apparaat is aangesloten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Bepaalt hoe ver een pagina moet worden gescrolld als het wiel \'e9\'e9n 'stap' wordt gerold. U kunt een specifiek aantal regels of een volledig scherm opschuiven.\par
\par
Het aantal regels dat met de term 'een scherm' wordt bedoeld, verschilt naargelang het vensterformaat en het gebruikte programma. Dit stemt overeen met het gebruik van de toetsen Page Up of Page Down op uw toetsenbord of het klikken op de schuifbalk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Klik hier om het aantal regels in te stellen dat per 'stap' van het wiel wordt gescrolld. Het kan zijn dat u uw toepassingen moet sluiten en opnieuw openen om deze wijziging van kracht te laten worden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Klik hier om met elke 'stap' van het wiel \'e9\'e9n scherm te scrollen. Het kan zijn dat u uw toepassingen moet sluiten en opnieuw openen om deze wijziging van kracht te laten worden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Met deze opties kunt u opgeven in welk venster of object wordt gescrolld wanneer u virtueel scrollen gebruikt. Selecteer de opties voor virtueel scrollen die u wilt inschakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Handeling bij 'drukken om te selecteren'\b0\par
U kunt het aanwijspookje configureren om een rechter- of linkermuisklik te produceren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Drievingerige gebaren \b0\par
Het laten glijden van drie vingers van boven naar beneden van het TouchPad in een rechte, doorgaande beweging, en vervolgens alle drie vingers tegelijkertijd van het oppervlak van het TouchPad op te tillen, heet een drievingerig gebaar.\par
\par
U kunt een drievingerig gebaar gebruiken om een actie uit te voeren zoals 'ga naar een webpagina in uw standaardbrowser'. Steeds als u dat drievingerige gebaar uitvoert, wordt uw webbrowser automatisch geopend en wordt de specifieke pagina geladen.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Inschakelen drievingerige gebaren\b0  in om deze functie te activeren. Er zijn twee mogelijke bewegingsrichtingen voor een drievingerig gebaar: van boven naar beneden en van beneden naar boven.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
U kunt voor de volgende drievingerige gebaren een actie configureren, zoals getoond in de menustructuur links:\par
\par
\b Boven\b0 : Laat drie vingers over de oppervlakte van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen aan de onderkant en eindigend aan de bovenkant, in een opwaartse, verticale beweging.\par
\par
\b Onder\b0 : Laat drie vingers over de oppervlakte van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen aan de bovenkant en eindigend aan de onderkant, in een neerwaartse, verticale beweging.\par
\par
Configureer een actie voor een drievingerig gebaar als volgt:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Zorg ervoor dat het selectievakje \b Inschakelen drievingerige gebaren\b0  is aangevinkt.\par
2.\tab Selecteer een optie uit de menustructuur links. Selecteer de optie die overeenkomt met het eindpunt van de bewegingsrichting. Bijvoorbeeld, als u een drievingerig gebaar wilt configureren dat aan de onderkant begint en aan de bovenkant eindigt, selecteert u \b Boven\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer een actie uit de bovenstaande lijst om aan het geselecteerde gebaar toe te wijzen. De geselecteerde actie zal steeds als u dat drievingerige gebaar maakt, worden uitgevoerd.\par
4.\tab Voor veel acties is geen aanvullende configuratie nodig. Als er echter meer informatie nodig is, wordt de knop \b Configureren\b0  ingeschakeld of er verschijnt een configuratiedialoogvenster. Steeds als u de configuratie van de actie wilt wijzigen of bekijken kunt u de knop \b Configureren\b0  aanklikken.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Als u niet in staat bent een actie uit de lijst te selecteren, ga dan na of de opties zijn geactiveerd. Voer de volgende stappen uit om de opties te activeren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b Drievingerige gebaren\b0  uit de menustructuur links.\par
2.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Inschakelen drievingerige gebaren\b0  in.\par
3.\tab Schakel het eindpunt van de beweging uit de menustructuur, waarna u naar deze pagina terugkeert.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Gebaren met twee vingers\b0\par
Bij een tweevingerig gebaar plaatst u twee vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad en laat u ze van de ene kant (of hoek) van het TouchPad naar de tegenoverliggende kant (of hoek) van het TouchPad gaan in een rechte, voortgaande beweging, waarna u tegelijkertijd beide vingers van het oppervlak van het TouchPad optilt.\par
\par
U kunt een tweevingerig gebaar gebruiken om een actie uit te voeren als 'ga naar een webpagina in uw standaardbrowser'. Steeds als u dat tweevingerige gebaar uitvoert, wordt uw webbrowser automatisch geopend en wordt de specifieke pagina geladen.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Inschakelen tweevingerige gebaren\b0  in om deze functie te activeren. Er zijn acht mogelijke bewegingsrichtingen voor een tweevingerig gebaar:\par
\par
Bepaalde gebaarrichtingen zijn mogelijk niet op alle computers beschikbaar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
U kunt voor de volgende tweevingerige gebaren een actie configureren, zoals getoond in de menustructuur links:\par
\par
\b Boven\b0 : Laat twee vingers over de oppervlakte van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen aan de onderkant en eindigend aan de bovenkant, in een opwaartse, verticale beweging.\par
\par
\b Rechterbovenhoek:\b0  Laat twee vingers over het oppervlak van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen bij de linkeronderhoek en eindigend bij de rechterbovenhoek, in een diagonale bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
\b Rechts:\b0  Laat twee vingers over het oppervlak van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen aan de linkerzijde en eindigend aan de rechterzijde, in een horizontale bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
\b Rechteronderhoek:\b0  Laat twee vingers over het oppervlak van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen bij de linkerbovenhoek en eindigend bij de rechteronderhoek, in een diagonale bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
\b Onder\b0 : Laat twee vingers over de oppervlakte van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen aan de bovenkant en eindigend aan de onderkant, in een neerwaartse, verticale beweging.\par
\par
\b Linkeronderhoek:\b0  Laat twee vingers over het oppervlak van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen bij de rechterbovenhoek en eindigend bij de linkeronderhoek, in een diagonale bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
\b Links:\b0  Laat twee vingers over het oppervlak van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen aan de rechterzijde en eindigend aan de linkerzijde, in een horizontale bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
\b Linkerbovenhoek:\b0  Laat twee vingers over het oppervlak van het TouchPad gaan, te beginnen bij de rechteronderhoek en eindigend bij de linkerbovenhoek, in een diagonale bewegingsrichting.\par
\par
Configureer een actie voor een tweevingerig gebaar als volgt:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Zorg ervoor dat het selectievakje \b Inschakelen tweevingerige gebaren\b0  is aangevinkt.\par
2.\tab Selecteer een optie uit de menustructuur links. Selecteer de optie die overeenkomt met het eindpunt voor de bewegingsrichting. Bijvoorbeeld, als u een tweevingerig gebaar wilt configureren dat begint aan de onderkant en eindigt aan de bovenkant, selecteert u \b Boven\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer een actie uit de bovenstaande lijst om aan het geselecteerde gebaar toe te wijzen. De geselecteerde actie zal steeds verschijnen als u dat tweevingerige gebaar uitvoert.\par
4.\tab Voor veel acties is geen aanvullende configuratie nodig. Als er echter meer informatie nodig is, wordt de knop \b Configureren\b0  ingeschakeld of er verschijnt een configuratiedialoogvenster. Steeds als u de configuratie van de actie wilt wijzigen of bekijken kunt u de knop \b Configureer\b0  aanklikken.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Als u niet in staat bent een actie uit de lijst te selecteren, ga dan na of de opties geactiveerd zijn. Voer de volgende stappen uit om de opties te activeren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b Tweevingerige gebaren\b0  in de menustructuur links.\par
2.\tab Schakel selectievakje \b Inschakelen tweevingerige gebaren\b0  in.\par
3.\tab Selecteer het eindpunt van de beweging uit de menustructuur, waarna u naar deze pagina terugkeert.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
In het venster \b Eigenschappen\b0  kunt u de instellingen voor uw aanwijsapparaat aan uw behoeften aanpassen. Open de instelbare functies via de menustructuur links.\par
\par
\b Gebruik van het venster Eigenschappen\b0\par
Klik op een functie in de menustructuur om een pagina met instellingen voor die functie weer te geven. Bij bepaalde functies horen verscheidene pagina\rquote s met instellingen. Klik op het plusteken (\b +\b0 ) naast een functie om alle bijbehorende pagina\rquote s te zien. De instellingen verschijnen in het venster rechts van de menustructuur. Informatie over deze opties en instructies over hoe u ze kunt wijzigen, verschijnen hier in dit informatievak. Gebruik de schuifbalk om de inhoud van het informatievak weer te geven.\par
\par
\b Knop Alle standaardinstellingen herstellen\b0\par
De knop \b Alle standaardinstellingen herstellen\b0  zet alle instellingen op alle pagina's terug naar de fabrieksinstellingen.\par
\par
\b Knop Standaard pagina-instellingen herstellen\b0\par
De knop \b Standaard pagina-instellingen herstellen\b0  zet alle instellingen op de huidige pagina terug naar de fabrieksinstellingen.\par
\par
\b OK (knop)\b0\par
De knop \b OK\b0  slaat uw wijzigingen op en sluit het venster Eigenschappen.\par
\par
\b Annuleren (knop)\b0\par
De knop \b Annuleren\b0  sluit het venster Eigenschappen zonder de wijzigingen op te slaan en herstelt alle vorige instellingen.\par
\par
\b Toepassen (knop)\sub\v  \nosupersub\b0\v0\par
De knop \b Toepassen\b0  slaat uw wijzigingen op, maar houdt het venster Eigenschappen open zodat u meer wijzigingen kunt aanbrengen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  kunt met behulp van het TouchPad scrollen door internetpagina's, documenten en andere zaken. Plaats uw vinger in de scrollzone, de buitenrand van het TouchPad, en maak cirkelvormige bewegingen. Een klein opstaand randje in het oppervlak van het TouchPad zorgt voor geleiding van uw vinger. Het is echter niet noodzakelijk om tijdens het scrollen met de vinger aan de buitenrand te blijven. Het is voldoende om in de scrollzone te beginnen. Daarna mag u met uw vinger naar het midden van het TouchPad bewegen en indien gewenst in kleine cirkels rondbewegen. Om te stoppen met scrollen is het voldoende om uw vinger van het TouchPad af te halen.\par
\par
Voor virtueel scrollen zijn er onder andere de volgende opties beschikbaar: verticaal scrollen (omhoog en omlaag), verticaal en horizontaal scrollen (omhoog, omlaag, naar rechts, naar links), audioscrollen (geluidseffecten) of helemaal niet scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie om omhoog en omlaag te kunnen scrollen.\par
\par
U kunt omlaag scrollen door uw vinger op een willekeurige plek in de scrollzone te plaatsen en cirkelvormige bewegingen met de wijzers van de klok mee te maken.\par
\par
U kunt omlaag scrollen door uw vinger op een willekeurige plek in de scrollzone te plaatsen en cirkelvormige bewegingen tegen de wijzers van de klok in te maken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Verticaal en horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie om omhoog, omlaag, naar links en naar rechts te kunnen scrollen. De rechterzijde van de scrollzone is voor verticaal scrollen. De benedenzijde van de scrollzone is voor horizontaal scrollen.\par
\par
U kunt omlaag scrollen door uw vinger aan de rechterzijde van de scrollzone te plaatsen en cirkelvormige bewegingen met de wijzers van de klok mee te maken.\par
\par
U kunt omhoog scrollen door uw vinger aan de rechterzijde van de scrollzone te plaatsen en cirkelvormige bewegingen tegen de wijzers van de klok in te maken.\par
\par
U kunt naar rechts scrollen door uw vinger aan de onderzijde van de scrollzone te plaatsen en cirkelvormige bewegingen tegen de wijzers van de klok in te maken.\par
\par
U kunt naar links scrollen door uw vinger aan de onderzijde van de scrollzone te plaatsen en cirkelvormige bewegingen met de wijzers van de klok mee te maken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Audioscrollen inschakelen\b0\par
Selecteer deze optie om geluidseffecten aan uw scrollhandelingen toe te voegen.\par
\par
OPMERKING: U dient ook \b Verticaal scrollen\b0  of \b Verticaal en horizontaal scrollen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Scrollen uitschakelen\b0\par
Selecteer \b Scrollen uitschakelen\b0  als u geen van de functies voor virtueel scrollen wilt gebruiken. Met deze optie kan de scrollzone nog wel voor aanwijzen en tikken worden gebruikt, maar niet meer voor scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Verlichtingsopties\b0\par
\par
Het LuxPad-aanwijsapparaat heeft verscheidene verlichtingsopties. Schakel het selectievakje \b Verlichting inschakelen\b0  in om de verlichting van het LuxPad aan te passen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Helderheid\b0\par
\par
U kunt verschillende helderheidsniveaus instellen. De verschillende instellingen kunnen van pas komen als uw laptop is aangesloten op netstroom of op de eigen accu draait. De mogelijkheid voor verschillende instellingen is vooral handig wanneer de levensduur van de accu van groot belang is.\par
\par
De verschillende helderheidsopties voor \b Externe voeding\b0  en \b Accu\b0  zijn \b Laag\b0 , \b Medium\b0  en \b Hoog\b0 .\par
\par
Als de opties op deze pagina grijs zijn en dus onbeschikbaar, kunnen ze worden ingeschakeld door in de menustructuur aan de linkerzijde op \b Verlichtingsopties\b0  te klikken. Klik op het selectievakje \b Verlichting inschakelen\b0  om de optie in te schakelen ga vervolgens terug naar de pagina \b Helderheid\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Verlichtingsduur\b0\par
\par
Op de pagina \b Verlichtingsduur\b0  kunt u kiezen uit verschillende verlichtingsopties.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Altijd aan\b0  in om het LuxPad na aanmelding doorlopend te laten gloeien.\par
\par
De opties \b Verlichtingsduur na aanmelden\b0  en \b Verlichten bij aanraken\b0  zijn alleen beschikbaar als het selectievakje \b Altijd aan\b0  is uitgeschakeld. Als het selectievakje \b Altijd aan\b0  een vinkje bevat, kunt u erop klikken om dit weg te halen.\par
\par
Via de schuifbalk \b Verlichtingsduur na aanmelden\b0  kunt u opgeven hoelang u wilt dat het LuxPad na aanmelding blijft verlicht. Beweeg de schuifknop naar links voor een kortere tijdsduur of naar rechts voor een langere tijdsduur.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Verlichten bij aanraken\b0  in om het LuxPad te laten gloeien wanneer uw vinger het oppervlak aanraakt. Het LuxPad zal steeds wanneer u het aanraakt, oplichten.\par
\par
Als de opties op deze pagina grijs zijn en dus onbeschikbaar, kunnen ze worden ingeschakeld door in de menustructuur aan de linkerzijde op \b Verlichtingsopties\b0  te klikken. Klik op het selectievakje \b Verlichting inschakelen\b0  om de optie in te schakelen ga vervolgens terug naar de pagina \b Verlichtingsduur\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Selecteer de juiste \b Inschakelen\b0 -optie om het aanwijspookje of het TouchPad voor het bewegen van de cursor te gebruiken.\par
\par
U kunt zowel het aanwijspookje als het TouchPad inschakelen. Als u deze samen inschakelt, kunt u de cursor via beide bewegen.\par
\par
Selecteer de juiste \b Inschakelen\b0 -opties om de knoppen van het aanwijspookje, van het TouchPad of van beide te gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
Selecteer de optie \b Uitschakelen\b0  voor het apparaat of de apparaatknoppen die u niet wilt gebruiken. Zo voorkomt u dat deze tijdens het typen of aanwijzen per ongeluk worden geactiveerd.\par
\par
Opmerking: Het is niet mogelijk om zowel het aanwijspookje als het TouchPad uit te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Een actie die is toegewezen aan het indrukken van de \b Linkerknop\b0 , \b Beide knoppen\b0  of de \b Rechterknop\b0  kan worden gewijzigd door te klikken op het pijltje in de vervolgkeuzelijst en zo de opties weer te geven. Selecteer de gewenste actie.\par
\par
Als voor de geselecteerde actie meer informatie nodig is, zal de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar worden gemaakt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Als voor de geselecteerde actie meer informatie nodig is, zal de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar worden gemaakt. Klik op de knop \b Configureren\b0  en geef in het dialoogvenster dat verschijnt de gewenste informatie op. Klik op de knop \b OK\b0  om de instellingen op te slaan en het dialoogvenster af te sluiten.\par
\par
U kunt de instellingen te allen tijde via de knop \b Configureren\b0  wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om voor alle items in dit venster de standaardinstellingen in te stellen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tikken om te klikken\b0  in om een vingertik als primaire klik in te stellen. Een vingertik is een snelle beweging omlaag en omhoog.\par
\par
Wanneer dit selectievakje is uitgeschakeld, kan er alleen een primaire klik worden uitgevoerd door op een knop te drukken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tikken en slepen\b0  in om objecten te kunnen slepen zonder een knop op het TouchPad in te drukken.\par
\par
De sleepfunctie werkt als volgt: tik op een object om het te selecteren en plaats uw vinger vlug weer op het TouchPad. Schuif uw vinger vervolgens in de richting waarin u het object wilt verplaatsen. Haal uw vinger van het TouchPad om het object los te laten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Slepen vergrendelen\b0  in om objecten met meerdere vingerstreken over het scherm te slepen.\par
\par
Tik op een object om dit te selecteren en Slepen vergrendelen te gebruiken. Gebruik zoveel vingerstreken op het TouchPad als nodig is om het object naar de gewenste locatie te brengen. Het is niet nodig om uw vinger constant op het TouchPad te houden. Het geselecteerde object wordt niet losgelaten totdat u op het TouchPad tikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Met deze schuifknop kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend voordat het TouchPad reageert. Als de aanwijzer zich onregelmatig verplaatst, kunt u de schuifknop naar rechts slepen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b PalmCheck inschakelen\b0  in om tijdens het typen ongewenste verplaatsing van de aanwijzer te voorkomen.\par
\par
Met deze functie 'weet' het TouchPad wanneer uw hand erop rust of erlangs strijkt terwijl u typt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Via deze schuifknop kan de gevoeligheid van PalmCheck worden aangepast.\par
\par
Als het TouchPad ongewenste aanwijzerverplaatsingen of tikken uitvoert, kunt u PalmCheck op een hogere waarde instellen door de schuifknop naar rechts te slepen. Als u de schuifknop helemaal naar rechts sleept, in de buurt van de instelling \b Maximaal\b0 , is het mogelijk dat er tikken of gebaren worden gemist.\par
\par
Als het TouchPad gewenste gebaren of tikken niet uitvoert, kunt u PalmCheck op een lagere waarde instellen door de schuifknop naar links te slepen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
Met EdgeMotion kan de aanwijzer doorgaan met verplaatsen wanneer u het eind van het TouchPad hebt bereikt.\par
\par
Zonder EdgeMotion is voor het gemakkelijk verplaatsen van de aanwijzer over langere afstanden noodzakelijk om meerdere vingerstreken op het TouchPad te maken of in het tabblad \b Aanwijzeropties\b0  de verplaatsingssnelheid van de aanwijzer te verhogen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tijdens slepen\b0  in om voor sleepgebaren (Tikken-en-slepen en Slepen vergrendelen) \i EdgeMotion\i0  te gebruiken.\par
\par
Met EdgeMotion kan de aanwijzer doorgaan met verplaatsen wanneer u het eind van het TouchPad hebt bereikt.\par
\par
Als deze optie is ingeschakeld, treedt EdgeMotion niet in werking als de aanwijzer gewoon wordt verplaatst.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Bij het aanwijzen\b0  in om \i EdgeMotion\i0  te gebruiken telkens als uw vinger de rand van het TouchPad bereikt.\par
\par
Met EdgeMotion kan de aanwijzer doorgaan met verplaatsen wanneer u het eind van het TouchPad hebt bereikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tijdens scrollen\b0  in om \i EdgeMotion\i0  te gebruiken als u de functie \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  gebruikt.\par
\par
Met EdgeMotion kan de aanwijzer doorgaan met verplaatsen wanneer u het eind van het TouchPad hebt bereikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Dit diagram geeft het oppervlak van het TouchPad weer. Het dubbel gearceerde deel van het diagram toont de EdgeMotion-gebieden van het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad plaatst, verschijnen er pijlen langs de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die aangeven waar uw vinger zich bevindt. Als uw vinger zich in een actief EdgeMotion-gebied van het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende EdgeMotion-gebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de EdgeMotion-gebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes te verslepen die zich bij de rand van het dubbel gearceerde deel bevinden.\par
\par
Als u moeite hebt om EdgeMotion te activeren, kunt u proberen om het EdgeMotion-gebied groter te maken door de randen van het dubbel gearceerde deel naar binnen te verplaatsen. Als u te gemakkelijk EdgeMotion activeert, kunt u proberen om het EdgeMotion-gebied kleiner te maken.\par
\par
Schakel een van de EdgeMotion-opties in als de EdgeMotion-gebieden grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden aangepast. De gebieden kunnen dan wel worden aangepast.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om gebruik te maken van drukgevoelige snelheid. Wanneer deze optie is ingeschakeld, zal de aanwijzer zich sneller verplaatsen door harder te drukken.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b EdgeMotion-snelheid regelen via vingerdruk\b0  uit om een constante snelheid te gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Gebruik deze schuifknop om de EdgeMotion-snelheid aan te passen als het selectievakje \b EdgeMotion-snelheid regelen via vingerdruk\b0  is uitgeschakeld. Sleep de schuifknop naar rechts om EdgeMotion te versnellen of naar links om EdgeMotion te vertragen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tikzones inschakelen\b0  in om Tikzone in te stellen om bij het klikken een actie uit te voeren. Elke hoek van het TouchPad-oppervlak kan als Tikzone worden ingesteld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Selecteer een actie in de vervolgkeuzelijst om deze aan een Tikzone toe te wijzen. Als voor de geselecteerde actie meer informatie nodig is, zal de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar worden gemaakt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Dit diagram geeft het oppervlak van het TouchPad weer. Het dubbel gearceerde deel van het diagram toont de actieve tikzonegebieden van het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad plaatst, verschijnen er pijlen langs de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die aangeven waar uw vinger zich bevindt. Als uw vinger zich in een actief tikzonegebied van het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende tikzonegebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de tikzonegebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes te verslepen die zich bij de hoeken van de dubbel gearceerde delen bevinden.\par
\par
Als u moeite hebt om een tikzonehandeling uit te voeren, kunt u proberen om het tikzonegebied groter te maken. Als u te gemakkelijk een tikzonehandeling activeert, kunt u proberen om het tikzonegebied kleiner te maken.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Tikzone inschakelen\b0  in als de tikzones grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden aangepast. De gebieden kunnen dan wel worden aangepast.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Gebaren voor terug/vooruit inschakelen\b0  in om in het venster van een webbrowser met een veeggebaar de functies \b Vooruit\b0  en \b Terug\b0  te kunnen gebruiken.\par
\par
Een gebaar voor terug of vooruit gebruiken gaat als volgt: plaats uw vinger langs de bovenrand van het TouchPad en beweeg uw vinger naar links of rechts. Als u de vinger naar links beweegt, heeft dit hetzelfde effect als klikken op de knop Terug. Als u de vinger naar rechts beweegt, heeft dit hetzelfde effect als klikken op de knop Vooruit.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Scrollen inschakelen\b0  in om de functies voor virtueel scrollen te kunnen gebruiken.\par
\par
Als virtueel scrollen is ingeschakeld, kunt u met uw vinger heen en weer schuiven langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad om verticaal in het geselecteerde venster of object te scrollen. Om horizontaal in het geselecteerde venster of object te scrollen, kunt u met uw vinger langs de benedenrand van het TouchPad schuiven.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Klik op deze knop om de opties voor virtueel scrollen weer te geven en de instellingen aan te kunnen passen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Selecteer de optie \b Scrollen in geselecteerd object\b0  om in het actieve venster of item te scrollen. Doorgaans is het actieve item het venster, het deel van een venster of het object dat u het laatst hebt aangeklikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
Selecteer deze optie om in een item te scrollen dat zich in de actieve toepassing onder de aanwijzer bevindt. Met deze optie kunt u in het item dat zich onder de aanwijzer bevindt, scrollen zonder er eerst op te hoeven klikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Vrijloopscrollen inschakelen\b0  in om gemakkelijk door lange documenten te scrollen. Met vrijloopscrollen gaat het virtueel scrollen door nadat u uw vinger van het TouchPad hebt gehaald.\par
\par
Gebruik vrijloopscrollen door uw vinger met \'e9\'e9n vloeiende horizontale of verticale beweging te verplaatsen en op te lichten. Tik op het TouchPad om het vrijloopscrollen te stoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Dit diagram geeft het oppervlak van het TouchPad weer. Het dubbel gearceerde deel van het diagram toont de gebieden voor virtueel scrollen in het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad plaatst, verschijnen er pijlen langs de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die aangeven waar uw vinger zich bevindt. Als uw vinger zich in een actief gebied voor virtueel scrollen in het TouchPad bevindt, krijgt het corresponderende scrollgebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de gebieden voor virtueel scrollen groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes te verslepen die zich bij de rand van de dubbel gearceerde delen bevinden.\par
\par
Als u moeite hebt om virtueel scrollen te activeren, kunt u proberen om het scrollgebied groter te maken door de randen van het dubbel gearceerde deel naar binnen te verplaatsen. Als u virtueel scrollen te gemakkelijk activeert, kunt u proberen om het scrollgebied kleiner te maken.\par
\par
Schakel een van de opties voor virtueel scrollen in als de gebieden voor virtueel scrollen grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden aangepast. De gebieden kunnen dan wel worden aangepast.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Klik op de knop \b Oefening\b0  om de zelfstudie voor virtueel scrollen te openen. Met deze eenvoudige doolhof leert u de functie Virtueel scrollen gebruiken.\par
\par
Opmerking: Zorg dat de selectievakjes \b Horizontaal scrollen\b0  en \b Verticaal scrollen\b0  beide zijn ingeschakeld.\par
\par
Bekijk de doolhof voordat u probeert om het begin- en eindpunt te vinden. U kunt de volledige doolhof niet zien omdat deze groter is dan het venster waarin hij wordt weergegeven. Gebruik virtueel scrollen om het aanzicht van de doolhof in het venster te wijzigen. Houd de \b Ctrl\b0 -toets ingedrukt en gebruik V om op de doolhof in en uit te zoomen.\par
\par
Een gele stip in de linkerbovenhoek van de doolhof geeft aan waar de ingang van de doolhof is. Een blauwe stip aan de rechterzijde van de doolhof geeft aan waar de uitgang is.\par
\par
Begin als volgt:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik op het rode vierkant in de gele stip om van start te gaan.\par
2.\tab Gebruik de \b pijltoetsen\b0  of tik op het TouchPad om u door de doolhof te verplaatsen.\par
3.\tab Gebruik virtueel scrollen om uw aanzicht op de doolhof te verplaatsen.\par
4.\tab Klik op de knop \b Sluiten\b0  in het \b oefenvenster\b0  nadat u bij de blauwe stip in de rechterbenedenhoek bent aangekomen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Horizontaal scrollen\b0  in om in vensters met horizontale schuifbalken gebruik te maken van virtueel scrollen. Schuif met uw vinger heen en weer langs de onderrand van het TouchPad om in het geselecteerde venster of object horizontaal te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Verticaal scrollen\b0  in om in vensters met verticale schuifbalken gebruik te maken van virtueel scrollen. Schuif met uw vinger heen en weer langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad om in het geselecteerde venster of object verticaal te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Met deze schuifknop kunt u de snelheid van virtueel scrollen instellen. Sleep de schuifknop naar rechts om sneller te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Drukken om te selecteren inschakelen\b0  in om voor een bepaalde actie tik- en drukbewegingen te gebruiken. Acties worden toegekend in de vervolgkeuzelijst \b Tikactie\b0 .\par
\par
\i Tikken\i0  doet u door uw vinger snel op de bovenzijde van het aanwijspookje op-en-neer te bewegen. Een lichte, snelle tik werkt het best. Zeer harde of langzame tikken zijn minder doeltreffend. Tik eenmaal voor enkelvoudig klikken of tik tweemaal snel na elkaar voor dubbelklikken.\par
\par
\i Drukken\i0  betekent snel met uw vinger de bovenzijde van het aanwijspookje naar beneden duwen. Licht, behoedzaam drukken werkt het best. Druk recht omlaag om het aanklikken en ingedrukt houden van de muisknop te simuleren. Druk recht omlaag en vervolgens zijwaarts om klikken en slepen in de gewenste richting te simuleren. Til uw vinger op om het gesleepte object los te laten.\par
\par
Wanneer het selectievakje \b Drukken om te selecteren inschakelen\b0  is uitgeschakeld, moet voor het uitvoeren van een primaire klik op een knop worden gedrukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om ongewenste klikken tijdens het typen te voorkomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Selecteer een optie in de vervolgkeuzelijst \b Tikactie\b0  om een actie aan het tikken op het aanwijspookje toe te wijzen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Verplaats deze schuifknop om de snelheid in te stellen waarmee op het aanwijspookje moet worden geklikt voor enkele klikken en dubbelklikken.\par
\par
Als u de snelheid te laag instelt, kunnen er ongewenste klikken optreden of kan de aanwijzer (bij het verslepen of in het algemeen) te traag reageren. Als u de snelheid echter te hoog instelt, kan dat het Drukken om te selecteren bemoeilijken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Scrollen inschakelen\b0  in om virtueel scrollen in te schakelen. Als deze optie is ingeschakeld, kan het aanwijspookje worden gebruikt voor horizontaal of verticaal virtueel scrollen. Gebruik het TouchPad of een externe muis om de cursor te verplaatsen.\par
\par
Druk het aanwijspookje in de gewenste scrollrichting om virtueel scrollen te gebruiken. Haal uw vinger van het TouchPad om te stoppen met scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Gebruik deze schuifknop om de snelheid van het \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  aan te passen. Sleep de schuifknop naar rechts om het scrollen te versnellen of naar links om het scrollen te vertragen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Gebruik de schuifknop \b Tikgevoeligheid\b0  om de kracht te regelen die nodig is voor het bewegen van de cursor en voor drukken om te selecteren op het aanwijspookje.\par
\par
Sleep de schuifknop naar \b Licht aanraken\b0  om de benodigde kracht te verminderen.\par
\par
Sleep de schuifknop naar \b Hard aanraken\b0  om de benodigde kracht te vergroten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Aanwijzer stoppen bij vensterranden\b0  in om de aanwijzer binnen het actieve venster te houden. Door de aanwijzer bij de vensterranden tegen te houden, is het gemakkelijker om bedieningselementen te gebruiken die zich bij de rand van een venster bevinden.\par
\par
Als deze optie is ingeschakeld, zal de aanwijzer de eerste keer dat u probeert buiten het venster te komen bij de rand stoppen. Als u een tweede poging doet, kan de aanwijzer het venster verlaten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Selecteer een optie in de vervolgkeuzelijst \b Toets voor langzame verplaatsing\b0  om de nauwkeurigheid van de aanwijzer te verhogen en zo preciezer te kunnen selecteren. Met deze functie kunt u de snelheid van de aanwijzer verlagen.\par
\par
Houd de geselecteerde toets tijdens het verplaatsen ingedrukt om van langzame verplaatsing gebruik te maken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Schakel deze functie in om bij het verschijnen van een dialoogvenster de aanwijzer automatisch naar de standaardoptie te laten bewegen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Selecteer een optie in de vervolgkeuzelijst \b Toets voor beperkte aanwijzerverplaatsing\b0  om de aanwijzer op het scherm te beperken tot een zuiver horizontale of verticale verplaatsing.\par
\par
Houd de geselecteerde toets tijdens het verplaatsen ingedrukt om van Beperkte aanwijzerverplaatsing gebruik te maken. Als de toets is ingedrukt en uw vinger zich op het TouchPad bevindt, bepaalt de richting waarin u de aanwijzer aanvankelijk beweegt, de toegestane verplaatsingsrichting.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Geanimeerd\b0  in voor feedback over uw aanwijshandelingen. Het bewegende pictogram wordt in de taakbalk van Windows weergegeven. Dubbelklik op dit pictogram om het venster \b Muiseigenschappen\b0  te openen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Schakel de aanwijzer-refreshrate \b Snel\b0  in voor een vloeiende beweging van de aanwijzer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Als de aanwijzer op het scherm echter onstabiel lijkt of knippert, kunt u de aanwijzer-refreshrate \b Langzaam\b0  selecteren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Dit is het versienummer van het stuurprogramma van uw Synaptics TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Ga voor recente informatie over de octrooien van Synaptics naar onze website op: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dual-mode\b0\par
Met de functie Dual-mode kunt u van de cursormodus naar de knopmodus overschakelen. In de knopmodus bieden de virtuele knoppen op het TouchPad-oppervlak handige snelkoppelingen naar veelgebruikte toepassingen. Er is tevens een volumeregelaar zodat u snel en gemakkelijk het geluidsvolume kunt verhogen of verlagen.\par
\par
Als u Dual-mode wilt inschakelen, schakelt u het selectievakje \b Overschakelen naar knopmodus door op de rechterbovenhoek te tikken\b0  in.\par
\par
De knopmodus gebruiken:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Tik op de knop \b Van modus veranderen\b0 . Deze knop bevindt zich in de rechterbovenhoek van het TouchPad boven de volumeregelaar.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Tik op de virtuele knop voor de toepassing die u wilt starten. Het TouchPad gaat automatisch terug naar de cursormodus nadat de toepassing is geopend.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Opmerking: u kunt de knopmodus gebruiken als er een extern aanwijsapparaat zoals een muis is aangesloten als u het selectievakje \b Altijd in Knopmodus als een extern apparaat wordt aangesloten\b0  inschakelt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
Opties voor de knopmodus\par
Er zijn zes virtuele knoppen die aan uw voorkeuren kunnen worden aangepast. De bovenste drie virtuele knoppen hebben standaardinstellingen en de andere knoppen zijn nog niet geconfigureerd. De standaardinstellingen voor de geconfigureerde virtuele knoppen staan hierna vermeld:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Als u op de virtuele knop linksboven klikt, wordt de toegewezen e-mailtoepassing geopend.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de middelste virtuele knop in de bovenste rij klikt, wordt de toepassing ConfigFree geopend. Raadpleeg de online Help van Toshiba voor meer informatie.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de virtuele knop rechtsboven klikt, wordt het item in het actieve venster naar de printer gestuurd.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
Opties voor de knopmodus\par
Er zijn zes virtuele knoppen die aan uw voorkeuren kunnen worden aangepast. Vier van de virtuele knoppen hebben standaardinstellingen en de andere knoppen zijn nog niet geconfigureerd. De standaardinstellingen voor de geconfigureerde virtuele knoppen staan hierna vermeld:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Als u op de virtuele knop linksboven klikt, wordt de toegewezen e-mailtoepassing geopend.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de middelste virtuele knop in de bovenste rij klikt, wordt de toegewezen webbrowser geopend.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de virtuele knop rechtsboven klikt, wordt de toepassing BeatJam geopend. Raadpleeg de online Help van Toshiba voor meer informatie.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de virtuele knop linksonder klikt, wordt de online Help van Toshiba geopend.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
De functie \b Knopcontrole\b0  voorkomt dat de knoppen door onbedoeld contact in werking treden. Dankzij de functie Knopcontrole 'weten' de knoppen wanneer uw handpalm erop rust of erlangs strijkt terwijl u typt. Zo voorkomt u dat de knoppen per ongeluk worden geactiveerd.\par
\par
Als de knoppen vaak ten onrechte worden geactiveerd, verhoogt u de instelling voor Knopcontrole door de schuifknop naar rechts te slepen, in de richting van \b Maximaal\b0 . Als de knoppen vaak een beoogde activering missen, verlaagt u de instelling voor Knopcontrole door de schuifknop naar links te slepen, in de richting van \b Minimaal\b0 . De kans dat de knoppen niet worden geactiveerd is groter indien de schuifknop helemaal naar rechts is verschoven.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Als u de actie wilt instellen die wordt uitgevoerd wanneer u een knop aanraakt, selecteert u de knop in de menustructuur. U zou Knop 1 bijvoorbeeld zo kunnen instellen dat deze naar een webpagina in de standaardbrowser gaat. Telkens wanneer u Knop 1 aanraakt, wordt uw webbrowser automatisch geopend en wordt de desbetreffende pagina geladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Met de instellingen voor \b Gevoeligheid\b0  kunt u de manier aanpassen waarop het apparaat op uw aanraking reageert. U past de instellingen voor Gevoeligheid aan door een item te selecteren in het menu \b Gevoeligheid\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
Met de schuifknop \b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend voordat het apparaat reageert.\par
\par
Als het apparaat onregelmatig reageert of als u werkt in een zeer vochtige omgeving, verlaagt u de gevoeligheid door de schuifknop naar rechts te verslepen, in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
Als u te hard moet drukken om het apparaat te bedienen, verhoogt u de gevoeligheid door de schuifknop naar links te verslepen, in de richting van \b Licht aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Selecteer de actie in de bovenstaande lijst die u aan de geselecteerde knop wilt toewijzen. De geselecteerde actie zal worden uitgevoerd telkens wanneer u die knop aanraakt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
Het selectievakje \b Geluiden inschakelen\b0  maakt het mogelijk een door de gebruiker ingesteld geluid af te spelen wanneer een knop wordt aangeraakt.\par
Als \b Geluiden inschakelen\b0  niet is geselecteerd, worden de geluiden uitgeschakeld en wordt er geen geluid afgespeeld wanneer u de knoppen aanraakt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
Met het selectievakje \b Verlichting inschakelen\b0  kunt u instellen of de knoppen branden wanneer ze actief of inactief zijn.\par
Als het vakje \b Verlichting inschakelen\b0  niet is geselecteerd, wordt de verlichting uitgeschakeld en verandert de helderheid van de knoppen niet wanneer u ze aanraakt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
Met de schuifknop \b Helderheid bij inactiviteit\b0  kunt u de helderheid van de knoppen aanpassen wanneer ze niet worden aangeraakt.\par
Als de helderheid van de knoppen te hoog is terwijl ze niet worden aangeraakt, sleept u de schuifknop in de richting van \b Minimaal\b0 .\par
Als de helderheid van de knoppen te laag is terwijl ze niet worden aangeraakt, sleept u de schuifknop in de richting van \b Maximaal\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
Met de schuifknop \b Helderheid bij activiteit\b0  kunt u de helderheid van de knoppen aanpassen wanneer ze worden aangeraakt.\par
Als de helderheid van de knoppen te hoog is wanneer ze worden aangeraakt, sleept u de schuifknop in de richting van \b Minimaal\b0 .\par
Als de helderheid van de knoppen te laag is wanneer ze worden aangeraakt, sleept u de schuifknop in de richting van \b Maximaal\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Opties voor de knopmodus\b0\par
Er zijn zes virtuele knoppen die u aan uw voorkeuren kunt aanpassen. De bovenste drie virtuele knoppen hebben standaardinstellingen, terwijl de andere knoppen nog niet zijn geconfigureerd. De standaardinstellingen voor de geconfigureerde virtuele knoppen worden hierna vermeld:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Als u op de virtuele knop linksboven klikt, wordt de toegewezen e-mailtoepassing geopend.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de middelste virtuele knop in de bovenste rij klikt, wordt de toepassing ConfigFree geopend. Raadpleeg de online Help van Toshiba voor meer informatie.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de virtuele knop rechtsboven klikt, wordt Windows Fotogalerie geopend.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Als u de actie wilt instellen die wordt uitgevoerd wanneer u een vinger over een schuifknop haalt, selecteert u de schuifknop in de menustructuur. U zou Schuifknop 1 bijvoorbeeld zo kunnen instellen dat u hiermee het volume van het systeem kunt aanpassen. Telkens wanneer u uw vinger over Schuifknop 1 haalt, wordt het volume verhoogt of verlaagt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
Selecteer de actie in de bovenstaande lijst die u aan de geselecteerde schuifknop wilt toewijzen. Telkens wanneer u uw vinger omhoog of omlaag over de schuifknop haalt, wordt de geselecteerde actie uitgevoerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Aanwijzersnelheid aanpassen\b0\par
Deze schuifknop regelt de snelheid van de aanwijzer. U kunt de aanwijzersnelheid aanpassen door de schuif te verplaatsen tussen \b Langzaam\b0  en \b Snel\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Opties voor de knopmodus\b0\par
Er zijn zes virtuele knoppen die u aan uw voorkeuren kunt aanpassen. De bovenste drie virtuele knoppen hebben standaardinstellingen, terwijl de andere knoppen nog niet zijn geconfigureerd. De standaardinstellingen voor de geconfigureerde virtuele knoppen worden hierna vermeld:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Als u op de virtuele knop linksboven klikt, wordt de toegewezen e-mailtoepassing geopend.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Als u op de middelste virtuele knop in de bovenste rij klikt, wordt de toepassing ConfigFree geopend. Raadpleeg de online Help van Toshiba voor meer informatie.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Door te tikken op de virtuele knop rechtsboven opent u de map Mijn afbeeldingen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Bedieningsbalk\par
\par
Met de bedieningsbalk kunt u knoppen configureren waarmee u uw favoriete toepassingen kunt starten. U kunt het uiterlijk van de bedieningsbalk aanpassen via de instellingen voor verlichting, dimmen en aanraakgevoeligheid. De bedieningsbalk biedt ook gemakkelijk toegang tot de volumeregeling voor geluidseffecten in software.\par
\par
Selecteer de optie \b Inschakelen\b0  om de bedieningsbalk in te schakelen. Als u de bedieningsbalk niet wilt gebruiken, selecteert u de optie \b Uitschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
Verlichting\par
\par
Met de schuifknop \b Verlichting\b0  kunt u de helderheid van de lampje in de bedieningsbalk aanpassen.\par
\par
Als u de helderheid wilt verhogen, verplaatst u de schuif naar rechts, in de richting van \b Hoog\b0 .\par
\par
Als u de helderheid wilt verlagen, verplaatst u de schuif naar links, in de richting van \b Laag\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Dimsnelheid\par
\par
Met de schuifknop \b Dimsnelheid\b0  bepaalt u hoe snel de lampjes op de bedieningsbalk worden gedimd nadat u de bedieningsbalk hebt aangeraakt en uw vinger hebt opgetild.\par
\par
Als u de lampjes langzaam wilt dimmen, verplaatst u de schuif naar rechts, in de richting van \b Langzaam\b0 .\par
\par
Als u de lampjes snel wilt dimmen, verplaatst u de schuif naar links, in de richting van \b Snel\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Aanraakgevoeligheid\par
\par
Met de schuifknop \b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend voordat de bedieningsbalk op uw aanraking reageert.\par
\par
Als de bedieningsbalk niet op uw aanraking reageert of als u hard moet drukken, kunt u de gevoeligheid verhogen door de schuif naar links te verplaatsen, in de richting van \b Licht\b0 .\par
\par
Als u de bedieningsbalk per ongeluk activeert met een lichte aanraking, verlaagt u de gevoeligheid door de schuif naar rechts te verplaatsen in de richting van \b Zwaar\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Geluidseffecten\par
\par
Als u een geluidseffect wilt toewijzen aan een bepaalde handeling, voert u een geluidsbestand in of klik u op Bladeren en selecteert u een geluidsbestand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volume\par
\par
Met de schuifknop \b Volume\b0  kunt u gemakkelijk het volume van de geluidseffecten regelen.\par
\par
Als u het volume wilt verhogen, verplaatst u de schuif naar rechts, in de richting van \b Hard\b0 .\par
\par
Als u het volume wilt verlagen, verplaatst u de schuif naar links, in de richting van \b Zacht\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Toepassingen\par
\par
Als u een toepassing wilt starten via een knop, voert u een uitvoerbaar bestand in of klikt u op Bladeren en selecteert u de toepassing die u wilt starten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Activeerzone voor TouchPad\b0  kunt u het TouchPad in- of uitschakelen door de hoek ervan aan te raken en uw vinger kort te laten staan.\par
Als het TouchPad is ingeschakeld, raakt u de hoek aan om dit uit te schakelen. Als het TouchPad is uitgeschakeld, raakt u de hoek aan om dit in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
Met de schuifknop \b Minimale aanraaktijd\b0  kunt u instellen hoe lang u de hoek moet aanraken voordat het TouchPad wordt in- of uitgeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Virtueel scrollen biedt een innovatief alternatief voor conventionele schuifmethoden. Bij virtueel scrollen worden de schuifbalken automatisch geactiveerd, zodat u de aanwijzer niet van uw werk hoeft te verwijderen.\par
\par
Virtueel scrollen werkt met de meeste vensters met schuifbalken, zoals tekstverwerkingsdocumenten, spreadsheets en grote digitale afbeeldingen. Het werkt ook met andere items waarin u kunt schuiven, zoals bestands- en lettertypelijsten.\par
\par
Bij scrollen met ChiralMotion, een uniek soort virtueel scrollen, kunt u doorlopend schuiven met \'e9\'e9n vloeiende ronddraaiende beweging. De schuifsnelheid wordt bepaald door de snelheid van de vingerbeweging. Als u snel wilt schuiven, maakt u kleine, snelle cirkels. Als u traag wilt schuiven, maakt u grote cirkels en beweegt u uw vinger traag. U kunt de schuifrichting omdraaien door de richting van de draaibeweging te wijzigen.\par
\par
Verticaal scrollen gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Verticaal scrollen\b0  \b inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het venster of item waarin u wilt schuiven.\par
3.\tab Schuif uw vinger omhoog of omlaag langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad in de gewenste schuifrichting.\par
\pard\tx180\par
ChiralMotion gebruiken voor verticaal scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel de selectievakjes \b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  en \b Scrollen met ChiralMotion inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het venster of item waarin u wilt schuiven.\par
3.\tab Plaats uw vinger op het TouchPad, in het midden van de rechterrand.\par
4.\tab Schuif uw vinger omhoog of omlaag in de gewenste schuifrichting en maak een ronddraaiende beweging. Uw vinger mag zich naar het midden van het TouchPad bewegen terwijl u linksom of rechtsom draait.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Horizontaal scrollen gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Horizontaal scrollen\b0  \b inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het venster of item waarin u wilt schuiven.\par
3.\tab Schuif uw vinger naar links of naar rechts langs de onderrand van het TouchPad in de gewenste schuifrichting.\par
\pard\tx180\par
ChiralMotion gebruiken voor horizontaal scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel de selectievakjes \b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  en \b Scrollen met ChiralMotion inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het venster of item waarin u wilt schuiven.\par
3.\tab Plaats uw vinger op het TouchPad, in het midden van de onderrand.\par
4.\tab Schuif uw vinger naar links of naar rechts in de gewenste schuifrichting en maak een ronddraaiende beweging. Uw vinger mag zich naar het midden van het TouchPad bewegen terwijl u linksom of rechtsom draait.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Als virtueel scrollen niet werkt, controleert u of de gewenste selectievakjes voor \b Scrollen inschakelen\b0  zijn ingeschakeld en of er kan worden geschoven in het aangeklikte venster of item. Raadpleeg de instellingen voor \b Scrollgebied\b0  als u nog steeds problemen ondervindt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
De functie Momentum\'99 zorgt voor een snelle, vloeiende, trackball-achtige muisbeweging. Met \'e9\'e9n snelle haal van de vinger op het TouchPad-oppervlak kunt u de aanwijzer over het hele computerscherm bewegen. Momentum vermindert het aantal herhalende bewegingen en de vermoeidheid wanneer u de aanwijzer over lange afstanden moet verplaatsen, terwijl het een vloeiende en natuurlijke werking biedt, die vergelijkbaar is met een trackball. Momentum is ideaal voor RTS-spellen (Real Time Strategy), FPS-spellen (First Person Shooter) en RPG's (Role Playing Games).\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Momentum inschakelen\b0  in als u deze functie wilt gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
Met de schuifknop \b Verplaatsingsafstand\b0  kunt u aanpassen hoe ver de aanwijzer wordt verplaatst wanneer u een vinger over het TouchPad haalt. U stopt de aanwijzer door uw vinger op het TouchPad te plaatsen. U kunt de aanwijzer ook stoppen door \'e9\'e9n keer op het TouchPad te tikken.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Stoppen bij schermrand\b0  in als u de aanwijzer binnen de grenzen van het computerscherm wilt houden. Deze functie biedt gemakkelijker toegang tot menuopties en knoppen in de buurt van de randen van het scherm.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Met het knijpgebaar kunt u de zoomfunctie in veel toepassingen uitvoeren. Het knijpgebaar kan worden gebruikt om dezelfde functie uit te voeren als het schuifwiel in standaard Windows-toepassingen die zoomen via CTRL+schuifwiel ondersteunen.\par
\par
U maakt een knijpgebaar door twee vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad te plaatsen. Vervolgens plaatst u ze dichter bij elkaar of verder uit elkaar. Als u wilt inzoomen, plaatst u uw vingers dicht bij elkaar op het TouchPad-oppervlak en schuift u ze uit elkaar. Als u wilt uitzoomen, plaatst u uw vingers uit elkaar en beweegt u ze vervolgens dichter naar elkaar toe.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
ChiralMotion-scrolling met twee vingers vormt een innovatief alternatief voor conventionele schuifmethoden. U kunt omhoog of omlaag schuiven door twee vingers op het TouchPad te plaatsen en een ronddraaiende beweging te maken. Nadat de schuifbeweging is gestart, hoeven beide vingers niet in aanraking te blijven het TouchPad. Het schuiven gaat door zolang \'e9\'e9n vinger het TouchPad-oppervlak aanraakt en daarbij een ronddraaiende beweging maakt.\par
\par
De vingersnelheid bepaalt de schuifsnelheid. Als u snel wilt schuiven, maakt u kleine cirkels en beweegt u uw vinger snel. Als u traag wilt schuiven, maakt u grote cirkels en beweegt u uw vinger traag. U kunt de schuifrichting omdraaien door de richting van de draaibeweging te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
Een \b geavanceerde beweging\b0  is een handeling die de gebruiker uitvoert op een Synaptics TouchPad-sensor en die wordt herkend door het hostapparaat, waarna een ingestelde functie wordt uitgevoerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
Bij een \b haal\b0 beweging plaatst u twee vingers iets uit elkaar op het TouchPad-oppervlak en schuift u ze over het TouchPad in een rechte, doorlopende beweging, waarna u ze tegelijk van het TouchPad-oppervlak haalt. De handeling die door deze haalbeweging wordt uitgevoerd, is specifiek voor de toepassing. In Internet Explorer komt een haalbeweging naar links bijvoorbeeld overeen met terugbladeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
Bij een \b ChiralRotate\b0 -beweging wordt het geselecteerde object rechtsom of linksom gedraaid in stappen van 90 graden. De ChiralRotate-beweging werkt alleen in ondersteunde toepassingen.\par
\par
U start een ChiralRotate-beweging door \'e9\'e9n vinger in het linker verticale gebied op het TouchPad te plaatsen en de vinger in een ronde beweging te bewegen. In ondersteunde toepassingen wordt het geselecteerde object gedraaid in stappen van 90 graden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Knijpen inschakelen\b0  in om deze functie in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b ChiralRotate inschakelen\b0  in om deze functie in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Haalbeweging inschakelen\b0  in om deze functie in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Als u een demonstratie wilt zien van het gebruik van de knijpbeweging, klikt u op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0 , onder het selectievakje \b Knijpen inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Als u een demonstratie wilt zien van het gebruik van de ChiralRotate-beweging, klikt u op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0 , onder het selectievakje \b ChiralRotate inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Als u een demonstratie wilt zien van het gebruik van de haalbeweging, klikt u op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0 , onder het selectievakje \b Haalbeweging inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Als u een demonstratie wilt zien van het gebruik van de Momentum-beweging klikt u op de knop \b Video afspelen\b0 , onder het selectievakje \b Momentum inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
Virtueel scrollen biedt een innovatief alternatief voor conventionele scrolmethoden. Bij virtueel scrollen worden de scrolbalken automatisch bediend, zodat het niet nodig is de aanwijzer van uw werk af te bewegen.\par
\par
Virtueel scrollen werkt met de meeste scrolbare Vensters, zoals tekstverwerkerdocumenten, spreadsheets en grote digitale afbeeldingen. Het werkt ook met andere scrolbare items, zoals lijsten bestanden en lijsten lettertypen.\par
\par
Met lineair scrollen, een type virtueel scrollen, kunt u op conventionele wijze scrollen.\par
\par
Met ChiralMotion-scrollen, een unieke vorm van virtueel scrollen, kunt u continu scrollen met \'e9\'e9n ononderbroken cirkelvormige beweging. De scrolsnelheid wordt geregeld door de snelheid van de vingerbeweging. Om snel te scrollen, maakt u kleine snelle cirkels. Om langzaam te scrollen, maakt u grote cirkels en beweegt u uw vinger langzaam. De scrolrichting kan worden omgekeerd door de bewegingsrichting om te keren.\par
\par
Gebruik van lineair verticaal scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het pictogram \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  of dubbelklik op \b Virtueel scrollen\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b Scrollen over grote afstanden\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik op het keuzerondje \b Lineair scrollen\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik op het venster of item dat u wilt scrollen.\par
6.\tab Schuif uw vinger omhoog of omlaag langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad in de gewenste scrolrichting.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Gebruik van ChiralMotion om verticaal te scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het pictogram \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  of dubbelklik op \b Virtueel scrollen\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b Scrollen over grote afstanden\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik op het keuzerondje \b ChiralMotion-scrollen\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik op het venster of item dat u wilt scrollen.\par
6.\tab Plaats uw vinger op het TouchPad ongeveer in het midden van de rechterrand.\par
7.\tab Schuif uw vinger omhoog of omlaag in de gewenste scrolrichting en begin vervolgens een cirkelvormige beweging te maken. Uw vinger kan in de richting van het midden van het TouchPad bewegen bij het maken van een beweging met de klok mee of tegen de klok in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Gebruik van lineair horizontaal scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het pictogram \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  of dubbelklik op \b Virtueel scrollen\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b Scrollen over grote afstanden\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik op het keuzerondje \b Lineair scrollen\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik op het venster of item dat u wilt scrollen.\par
6.\tab Schuif uw vinger omhoog of omlaag langs de onderrand van het TouchPad in de gewenste scrolrichting.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Gebruik van ChiralMotion om horizontaal te scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0  in.\par
2.\tab Klik op het pictogram \b Virtueel scrollen\b0  of dubbelklik op \b Virtueel scrollen\b0 .\par
3.\tab Selecteer \b Scrollen over grote afstanden\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klik op het keuzerondje \b ChiralMotion-scrollen\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klik op het venster of item dat u wilt scrollen.\par
6.\tab Plaats uw vinger op het TouchPad ongeveer in het midden van de onderrand.\par
7.\tab Schuif uw vinger naar links of naar rechts in de gewenste scrolrichting en begin vervolgens een cirkelvormige beweging te maken. Uw vinger kan in de richting van het midden van het TouchPad bewegen bij het maken van een beweging met de klok mee of tegen de klok in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Als virtueel scrollen niet reageert, controleert u of de gewenste selectievakjes voor \b Scrollen inschakelen\b0  zijn ingeschakeld en of het venster of item waarop u hebt geklikt scrolbaar is. Als u dan nog problemen hebt, controleert u uw instellingen voor \b Scrolgebied\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Als u een demonstratie wilt zien van het gebruik van virtueel scrollen, klikt u op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Als u een demonstratie wilt zien van het gebruik van de \b haalbeweging\b0 , klikt u op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Als u verticale haalbewegingen wilt gebruiken, schakelt u het selectievakje \b Verticale haalbeweging inschakelen\b0  in. Plaats twee vingers iets uit elkaar op het TouchPad en schuif ze omhoog of omlaag. Wanneer u klaar bent, haalt u uw vingers van het TouchPad om de functie in de toepassing uit te voeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Als u horizontale haalbewegingen wilt gebruiken, schakelt u het selectievakje \b Horizontale haalbeweging inschakelen\b0  in. Plaats twee vingers iets uit elkaar op het TouchPad en schuif ze naar links of naar rechts. Wanneer u klaar bent, haalt u uw vingers van het TouchPad om de functie in de toepassing uit te voeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Klik op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0  om dit in actie te zien.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
In dit \b eigenschappenvenster\b0  kunt u de instellingen van het aanwijsapparaat aanpassen aan uw eigen wensen. Gebruik de menustructuur aan de linkerkant voor toegang tot de functies die u kunt aanpassen. Dit betreft aanwijzen met \'e9\'e9n vinger en scrolopties en bewegingen met meer vingers voor het werken met documenten, objecten en toepassingen.\par
\par
\b Werken met het eigenschappenvenster \b0\par
Klik op een functie in de menustructuur voor een pagina met beschrijvingen en instellingen voor die functie. Voor bepaalde functies zijn er meerdere pagina's met instellingen. Klik op de + (plusteken) naast een functie om alle bijbehorende pagina's weer te geven. De instellingen worden rechts van de menustructuur weergegeven. Informatie over deze opties en instructies voor het wijzigen ervan worden in dit informatievak weergegeven. U kunt de inhoud van het informatievak bekijken met behulp van de schuifbalk.\par
\par
\b Knop Standaard \b0\par
Met de knop \b Standaard\b0  zet u alle instellingen op de betreffende pagina terug naar de fabrieksinstellingen.\par
\par
\b Knop OK \b0\par
Met de knop \b OK\b0  slaat u uw wijzigingen op en sluit u het eigenschappenvenster.\par
\par
\b Knop Annuleren \b0\par
Met de knop \b Annuleren\b0  sluit u het eigenschappenvenster zonder wijzigingen op te slaan en worden alle eerdere instellingen hersteld.\par
\par
\b Knop Toepassen \b0\par
Met de knop \b Toepassen\b0  slaat u uw wijzigingen op, maar houdt u het eigenschappenvenster geopend zodat u meer wijzigingen kunt aanbrengen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Op de pagina's met instellingen voor \b aanwijzen\b0  kunt u opgeven hoe de cursor reageert op uw aanwijs- en selectieacties.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b Momentum inschakelen\b0  in om deze functie te gebruiken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Beperkte beweging\b0  kunt u ervoor zorgen dat de aanwijzer zuiver verticaal of horizontaal over het scherm beweegt. Deze functie komt vooral van pas in tekenprogramma's. U kunt de functie Beperkte beweging activeren door een opgegeven toets ingedrukt te houden terwijl u de aanwijzer verplaatst. Als deze toets wordt ingedrukt, bepaalt de aanvankelijke richting van de aanwijzer de bewegingsrichting van de cursor zolang uw vinger contact maakt met het TouchPad.\par
\par
Beperkte beweging gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schakel het selectievakje Beperkte beweging inschakelen in om de opties in de keuzelijst vrij te geven.\par
2.\tab Kies een toets in de keuzelijst waarmee u Beperkte beweging wilt activeren.\par
3.\tab Houd de geselecteerde toets ingedrukt wanneer u de beweging van de aanwijzer wilt beperken.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Scrollen \b0\par
Met de scrolfuncties kunt u de schuifbalken van het geselecteerde venster automatisch bedienen. U hoeft de aanwijzer dan niet uit uw werk te halen. De scrolfuncties zijn geschikt voor de meeste vensters waarin u kunt scrollen, zoals documenten, spreadsheets, grote digitale afbeeldingen, en andere items waarin u kunt scrollen, zoals lijsten met bestanden of lettertypen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Omgekeerd scrollen \b0\par
Met de functie \b Scrolrichting omkeren\b0  kunt u het standaardscrolgedrag wijzigen. Bij standaard scrollen verplaatst u het schuifblokje in dezelfde richting als de beweging van uw vinger. Met de functie Scrolrichting omkeren verplaatst u het document of object in de richting van de beweging van uw vinger.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b Scrolrichting omkeren\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
Met de schuifregelaar \b Scrolsnelheid\b0  kunt u de snelheid van het scrollen instellen. Sleep de schuifregelaar naar rechts om sneller te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
Met de functie ChiralScrolling\'99 kunt u ononderbroken scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vloeiende, cirkelvormige beweging. De scrolsnelheid wordt bepaald door de snelheid van de vingerbeweging.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b ChiralScrolling inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
ChiralScrolling gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op de doelzone. Als u naar boven of beneden wilt scrollen, bevindt de doelzone zich rechts op het TouchPad. Als u naar links of rechts wilt scrollen, bevindt de doelzone zich onder op het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Beweeg uw vinger in de richting waarin u wilt scrollen en begin uw vinger in een cirkel te bewegen, rechtsom of linksom. Zodra ChiralScrolling is geactiveerd, kunt u uw vinger naar een willekeurig punt op het TouchPad laten gaan terwijl u een cirkelvormige beweging maakt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
OPMERKING: als u de scrolrichting wilt wijzigen, beweegt u uw vinger gewoon de andere kant op. U begint dan te scrollen in omgekeerde richting.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Als wilt stoppen met scrollen en weer wilt aanwijzen, haalt u uw vinger van het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vinger \b0\par
U kunt verticaal en horizontaal scrollen.\par
\par
Klik op het venster of item waarin u wilt scrollen en schuif uw vinger rechts in het TouchPad naar boven of beneden om verticaal te scrollen. Schuif uw vinger onder in het TouchPad naar links of rechts om horizontaal te scrollen.\par
\par
Als het scrollen niet wordt uitgevoerd, controleert u of het betreffende selectievakje is ingeschakeld en of u wel kunt scrollen in het venster of item waarop u hebt geklikt. Als u dan nog problemen hebt, controleert u de instellingen voor \b Scrolgebied. \b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Het bovenstaande diagram stelt het oppervlak van het TouchPad voor. Het gearceerde gebied toont de scrolgebieden op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad legt, ziet u pijlen aan de rand van het TouchPad-diagram die de positie van uw vinger aangeven. Als uw vinger zich bevindt in een actief scrolgebied op het TouchPad, krijgt het bijbehorende scrolgebied in het diagram een effen kleur. U kunt de scrolgebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes aan de rand van het gearceerde gebied te verslepen.\par
\par
Als u het scrollen niet goed kunt activeren, kunt u het scrolgebied groter maken door de randen van het gearceerde gebied naar binnen te slepen. Als het scrollen te snel wordt geactiveerd, kunt u het scrolgebied kleiner maken.\par
\par
Als de scrolgebieden grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden aangepast, controleert u of de scrolfunctie is ingeschakeld.\par
\par
Scrollen inschakelen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b Scrollen\b0  in de menustructuur aan de linkerkant.\par
2.\tab Selecteer de gewenste scrolmethode en schakel verticaal of horizontaal scrollen in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen \b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om horizontaal scrollen in te schakelen voor vensters met horizontale schuifbalken. Als u uw vinger onder in het TouchPad naar links of rechts beweegt, scrolt u horizontaal in het geselecteerde venster of item.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen \b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om verticaal scrollen in te schakelen. Als u uw vinger rechts in het TouchPad naar boven of beneden beweegt, scrolt u verticaal in het geselecteerde venster of item.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Scrollen met twee vingers \b0\par
Met de functie Scrollen met twee vingers kunt u verticaal en horizontaal scrollen en beginnen met scrollen vanaf een willekeurige plek op het oppervlak van het TouchPad. U legt eenvoudigweg twee vingers op het TouchPad en beweegt deze in de gewenste richting. U hoeft hierbij geen rekening te houden met scrolgebieden.\par
\par
Scrollen met twee vingers:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg twee vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad. Er moet een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers zijn.\par
2.\tab Schuif de twee vingers in een rechte, doorgaande beweging in de gewenste richting.\par
3.\tab Haal beide vingers van het TouchPad om te stoppen met scrollen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen \b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om horizontaal scrollen in te schakelen voor vensters met horizontale schuifbalken. Als u uw twee vingers op het TouchPad naar links of rechts beweegt, scrolt u horizontaal in het geselecteerde venster of item.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen \b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om verticaal scrollen in te schakelen. Als u uw twee vingers op het TouchPad naar boven of beneden beweegt, scrolt u verticaal in het geselecteerde venster of item.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Vrijloopscrollen\b0  kunt u eenvoudig door lange documenten scrollen. Met vrijloopscrollen blijft u scrollen nadat u uw vinger van het TouchPad hebt gehaald. U kunt vrijloopscrollen door uw vinger te bewegen en in \'e9\'e9n vloeiende beweging van het TouchPad te halen. U kunt stoppen met vrijloopscrollen door uw vinger weer op het TouchPad te leggen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Knijpzoomen \b0\par
De beweging Knijpzoomen biedt zoomfuncties in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt knijpzoomen gebruiken om de functies van een scrolwiel na te bootsen in standaardtoepassingen onder Windows die de functionaliteit CTRL-scrolwiel ondersteunen.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b Knijpzoomen inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Een knijpzoombeweging gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg twee vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif de vingers verder uit elkaar om in te zoomen of dichter naar elkaar toe om uit te zoomen. Het zoomen gaat het best als u uw vingertoppen gebruikt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
De \b draai\b0  functies bieden handige bewegingen om foto's en andere objecten te draaien.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Drukken met drie vingers \b0\par
De beweging Drukken met drie vingers biedt een snelle methode om een bepaalde toepassing of toepassingen te starten.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b Drukken met drie vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen. U kunt instellen welke toepassingen worden gestart met behulp van de knop \b Configureren.\b0\par
\par
De functie Drukken met drie vingers gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg drie vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad. Zorg ervoor dat er een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers is.\par
2.\tab Houd de vingers stil totdat de toepassing (of toepassingen) wordt gestart.\par
3.\tab Haal de vingers van het TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Haalbeweging met drie vingers \b0\par
\par
De haalbeweging met drie vingers verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt deze beweging gebruiken om te surfen op internet of te bladeren door foto's in het venster van een fotoviewer. U kunt de haalbeweging met drie vingers ook gebruiken om de modus Diavoorstelling te activeren of te verlaten.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b Haalbeweging met drie vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Navigeren met de haalbeweging met drie vingers:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg drie vingers met een kleine tussenruimte op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haal de vingers in een doorgaande, rechte beweging in de gewenste richting van de ene kant van het TouchPad naar de andere.\par
3.\tab Als u uw vingers naar links of rechts beweegt, bladert u voorwaarts of achterwaarts in een fotoviewer of webbrowser.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Als u de diavoorstellingsmodus wilt starten of stoppen met de haalbeweging met drie vingers, beweegt u de vingers in verticale richting. Schuif uw vingers naar boven om de diavoorstellingsmodus te starten. Schuif uw vingers naar beneden om de diavoorstellingsmodus af te sluiten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Handpalm op pad \b0\par
Met de beweging Handpalm op pad kunt u uw bureaublad leegmaken door alle geopende vensters te minimaliseren. U herstelt de vensters door deze beweging te herhalen.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje Handpalm op pad inschakelen in te schakelen.\par
\par
De beweging Handpalm op pad gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg de muis van uw hand op het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Houd de hand stil totdat alle vensters op het bureaublad zijn geminimaliseerd of hersteld.\par
3.\tab Haal de hand van het TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Oefenen met scrollen \b0\par
Klik op de knop \b Oefenen\b0  om de zelfstudie voor scrollen te starten. Een eenvoudige doolhof helpt u het scrollen onder de knie te krijgen.\par
\par
Bekijk de doolhof voordat u op zoek gaat naar het begin- en eindpunt. U kunt niet de hele doolhof zien, omdat de doolhof groter is dan het venster waarin deze wordt weergegeven. Scrol om een ander gedeelte van de doolhof te zien in het venster. Houd de Ctrl-toets ingedrukt en scrol om het formaat van de doolhof te wijzigen.\par
\par
Een gele stip in de linkerbovenhoek van de doolhof geeft de ingang van de doolhof aan. Een blauwe stip aan de rechterkant van de doolhof geeft de uitgang aan.\par
\par
Oefenen met scrollen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik op het rode vierkant in de gele stip om te beginnen.\par
2.\tab Gebruik de pijltoetsen of tik op het TouchPad om te navigeren in de doolhof.\par
3.\tab Gebruik de gewenste scrolmethode om een ander gedeelte van de doolhof te bekijken.\par
4.\tab Klik op de knop Sluiten in het oefenvenster zodra u de blauwe stip in de rechterbenedenhoek hebt bereikt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart M-beweging \b0\par
U kunt de toepassing HP MediaSmart starten door een beweging in de vorm van de letter M te maken op het TouchPad.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b HP MediaSmart M-beweging inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Deze beweging gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Tik met twee vingers op het TouchPad en leg de vingers hierna onmiddellijk weer op het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif de vingers in de vorm van een grote letter M.\par
3.\tab De toepassing HP MediaSmart wordt gestart.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Met de functies voor \b beter aanwijzen\b0  kunt u opgeven hoe de cursor reageert op uw aanwijsacties.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Bewegingen voor toepassingen bieden snelle methoden om veelgebruikte toepassingen of functies te starten. De reactie van de computer op deze bewegingen kan specifiek horen bij een bepaalde toepassing.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
De functie \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 is speciaal bedoeld voor bewegingen van de aanwijzer over grote afstanden. Als uw vinger tegen de rand van het TouchPad stoot, blijft de aanwijzer in dezelfde richting bewegen tot u uw vinger van het TouchPad haalt. Selecteer een van de opties voor EdgeMotion.\par
\par
De scrolfuncties ondersteunen EdgeMotion. Als u EdgeMotion wilt gebruiken tijdens het scrollen, selecteert u \b EdgeMotion inschakelen tijdens scrollen\b0  bij \b Scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vinger\b0  of \b Scrollen met twee vingers\b0  bij \b Scrollen\b0  in de menustructuur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Schakel het selectievakje \b EdgeMotion inschakelen bij scrollen\b0  in als u wilt blijven scrollen wanneer uw vingers tegen de rand van het TouchPad stoten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Met de instellingen voor \b gevoeligheid\b0  kunt u de manier waarop het TouchPad reageert op uw aanraking aanpassen aan uw eigen wensen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Vrijloopscrollen\b0  kunt u eenvoudig door lange documenten scrollen. Met vrijloopscrollen blijft u scrollen nadat u uw vingers van het TouchPad hebt gehaald. U kunt vrijloopscrollen door uw vingers te bewegen en in \'e9\'e9n vloeiende beweging van het TouchPad te halen. U kunt stoppen met vrijloopscrollen door uw vingers weer op het TouchPad te leggen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Draaien om een punt \b0\par
Met de beweging Draaien om punt kunt u objecten, zoals foto's of PDF-bestanden, in stappen van 90 graden draaien.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje \b Draaien om punt inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Draaien om een punt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op de linkerbenedenhoek van het TouchPad en beweeg deze niet.\par
2.\tab Leg een andere vinger in de buurt van het midden van het TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Beweeg de tweede vinger in een cirkelvormige beweging om de eerste vinger. Houd tijdens de cirkelvormige beweging steeds dezelfde afstand tussen de twee vingers. Beweeg rechtsom of linksom om het geselecteerd object in die richting te draaien.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Draaien om rechterhoek \b0\par
Als u de functie Draaien om punt wilt gebruiken met de rechterbenedenhoek, schakelt u het selectievakje \b Draaien om rechterhoek\b0  in. Het is wellicht prettiger om de rechterhoek van het TouchPad te gebruiken als u de beweging uitvoert met de linkerhand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
Bij een ChiralRotate\'99-beweging wordt het geselecteerde object gedraaid in stappen van 90 graden.\par
\par
U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje ChiralRotate inschakelen in te schakelen. Houd er rekening mee dat de ChiralRotate-beweging alleen werkt in ondersteunde toepassingen.\par
\par
De beweging ChiralRotate gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op de linkerdoelzone van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif de vinger naar boven of beneden en begin een cirkelvormige beweging te maken. Als u het object rechtsom wilt draaien, maakt u een cirkel met de klok mee. Als u het object linksom wilt draaien, maakt u een cirkel tegen de klok in.\par
3.\tab Haal uw vinger van het TouchPad om terug te gaan naar aanwijsmodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b TouchPad uitschakelen \b0\par
\par
Als u het TouchPad niet wilt gebruiken, kunt u het uitschakelen. Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad en beweeg deze niet. Het TouchPad wordt uitgeschakeld. Het TouchPad-pictogram op de taakbalk verandert en geeft aan dat het TouchPad niet beschikbaar is voor gebruik.\par
\par
Als u het TouchPad weer wilt inschakelen, legt u uw vinger nogmaals op de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad. Het pictogram op de taakbalk geeft aan dat het TouchPad weer beschikbaar is.\par
\par
U kunt instellen hoe lang het TouchPad uitgeschakeld blijft door een van de opties te selecteren.\par
\par
Met de optie \b TouchPad uitschakelen\b0  blijft het TouchPad uitgeschakeld tot u het weer inschakelt door een vinger op de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad te leggen.\par
\b Met de optie TouchPad uitschakelen voor \'e9\'e9n sessie\b0  wordt het TouchPad uitgeschakeld voor een aanmeldsessie. Het TouchPad wordt automatisch weer ingeschakeld wanneer u zich de volgende keer aanmeldt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Haalbeweging met twee vingers \b0\par
\par
De haalbeweging met twee vingers verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt deze beweging gebruiken om te surfen op internet of te bladeren door foto's in het venster van een fotoviewer. U kunt de haalbeweging met twee vingers ook gebruiken om de modus Diavoorstelling te activeren of te verlaten.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Haalbeweging met twee vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Navigeren met de haalbeweging met twee vingers:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats twee vingers met een kleine tussenruimte op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haal de vingers in een doorgaande, rechte beweging in de gewenste richting van de ene kant van het TouchPad naar de andere.\par
3.\tab Als u uw vingers naar links of rechts beweegt, bladert u voorwaarts of achterwaarts in een fotoviewer of webbrowser.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Als u de diavoorstellingsmodus wilt starten of stoppen met de haalbeweging met twee vingers, beweegt u de vingers in verticale richting. Schuif uw vingers naar boven om de diavoorstellingsmodus te starten. Schuif uw vingers naar beneden om de diavoorstellingsmodus af te sluiten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Haalbeweging met twee vingers \b0\par
\par
De haalbeweging met twee vingers verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt deze beweging gebruiken om te surfen op internet of te bladeren door foto's in het venster van een fotoviewer.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Horizontale haalbeweging met twee vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Navigeren met de haalbeweging met twee vingers:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats twee vingers met een kleine tussenruimte op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haal uw vingers horizontaal in een rechte, doorlopende beweging in de gewenste richting van de ene kant van het TouchPad naar de andere.\par
3.\tab Schuif uw vingers naar rechts of naar links om vooruit of achteruit te bladeren in een fotoviewer of webbrowser.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Haalbeweging met twee vingers \b0\par
\par
De haalbeweging met twee vingers verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt de haalbeweging met twee vingers gebruiken om de modus Diavoorstelling te activeren of te verlaten.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Verticale haalbeweging met twee vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Navigeren met de haalbeweging met twee vingers:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats twee vingers met een kleine tussenruimte op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif uw vingers verticaal in een rechte, doorlopende beweging in de gewenste richting.\par
3.\tab Schuif uw vingers omhoog om de diavoorstellingsmodus te starten of omlaag om deze modus af te sluiten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Horizontale haalbeweging met drie vingers \b0\par
\par
De horizontale haalbeweging met drie vingers verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt deze beweging gebruiken om te surfen op internet of te bladeren door foto's in het venster van een fotoviewer.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Horizontale haalbeweging met drie vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
De horizontale haalbeweging met drie vingers gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg drie vingers met een kleine tussenruimte op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Haal uw vingers horizontaal in een rechte, doorlopende beweging in de gewenste richting van de ene kant van het TouchPad naar de andere.\par
3.\tab Schuif uw vingers naar rechts of naar links om vooruit of achteruit te bladeren in een fotoviewer of webbrowser.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Verticale haalbeweging met drie vingers \b0\par
\par
De verticale haalbeweging met drie vingers verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt de verticale haalbeweging met drie vingers gebruiken om de diavoorstellingsmodus te activeren of af te sluiten.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Verticale haalbeweging met drie vingers inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
De verticale haalbeweging met drie vingers gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg drie vingers met een kleine tussenruimte op het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif uw vingers verticaal in een rechte, doorlopende beweging in de gewenste richting.\par
3.\tab Schuif uw vingers omhoog om de diavoorstellingsmodus te starten of omlaag om deze modus af te sluiten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Cirkelvormig scrollen \b0\par
Met de functie Cirkelvormig scrollen kunt u ononderbroken scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vloeiende, cirkelvormige beweging. De scrolsnelheid wordt bepaald door de snelheid van de vingerbeweging.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Cirkelvormig scrollen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Cirkelvormig scrollen gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op het \i doelgebied\i0 . Als u omhoog of omlaag wilt scrollen, bevindt het doelgebied zich langs de rechterrand van het TouchPad. Als u naar links of naar rechts wilt scrollen, bevindt het doelgebied zich langs de onderrand van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif uw vinger in de richting waarin u wilt scrollen en begin uw vinger rechtsom of linksom in een cirkel te bewegen. Zodra cirkelvormig scrollen is geactiveerd, kunt u uw vinger naar een willekeurig punt op het TouchPad laten gaan terwijl u een cirkelvormige beweging maakt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
OPMERKING: als u de scrolrichting wilt wijzigen, beweegt u uw vinger gewoon de andere kant op. U begint dan te scrollen in omgekeerde richting.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Als wilt stoppen met scrollen en weer wilt aanwijzen, haalt u uw vinger van het oppervlak van het TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
De functie \b Automatisch scrollen\b0  helpt u gemakkelijk door lange documenten te bladeren met \'e9\'e9n haal van de vinger. Het scrollen gaat door nadat u uw vinger van het TouchPad hebt gehaald.\par
\par
Automatisch scrollen gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik op het venster of item dat u wilt scrollen.\par
2.\tab Schuif \'e9\'e9n vinger over het scrolgebied van het TouchPad in de richting waarin u wilt scrollen. Als u omhoog of omlaag wilt scrollen, is de rechterrand het scrolgebied. Als u naar links of naar rechts wilt scrollen, is de onderrand het scrolgebied.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Als automatisch scrollen niet werkt, controleert u de instellingen voor \b Scrolgebied\b0 . Als u nog steeds problemen ondervindt met automatisch scrollen, controleert u of het venster of item waarop u hebt geklikt, scrolbaar is.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
De \b draai\b0  functies bieden handige bewegingen om foto's en andere objecten te draaien.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Mijn favorieten-beweging \b0\par
De Mijn favorieten-beweging biedt een snelle methode om een bepaalde toepassing of toepassingen te starten.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Mijn favorieten-beweging inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen. U kunt instellen welke toepassingen worden gestart met behulp van de knop \b Configureren\b0 .\par
\par
Deze beweging gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg drie vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad. Zorg ervoor dat er een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers is.\par
2.\tab Houd de vingers stil totdat de toepassing (of toepassingen) wordt gestart.\par
3.\tab Haal de vingers van het TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Haalbeweging \b0\par
De haalbeweging verbetert de navigatie in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt de haalbeweging gebruiken om te surfen op internet of te bladeren door foto's in het venster van een fotoviewer. U kunt de haalbeweging ook gebruiken om de diavoorstellingsmodus te activeren of af te sluiten.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Haalbeweging inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
Navigeren met de haalbeweging:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg drie vingers op het oppervlak van het TouchPad. Zorg ervoor dat er een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers is\par
2.\tab Haal de vingers in een doorgaande, rechte beweging in de gewenste richting van de ene kant van het TouchPad naar de andere.\par
3.\tab Als u uw vingers naar links of rechts beweegt, bladert u voorwaarts of achterwaarts in een fotoviewer of webbrowser.\par
\pard\tx180\par
De haalbeweging gebruiken voor de diavoorstellingsmodus:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Schuif uw vingers naar boven om de diavoorstellingsmodus te starten.\par
2.\tab Schuif uw vingers naar beneden om de diavoorstellingsmodus af te sluiten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Bureaubladbeweging \b0\par
Met de bureaubladbeweging kunt u uw bureaublad leegmaken door alle geopende vensters te minimaliseren. U herstelt de vensters door deze beweging te herhalen.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Bureaubladbeweging inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
De bureaubladbeweging gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg de \i onderkant \i0 van uw duim op het TouchPad-oppervlak.\par
2.\tab Houd uw hand stil totdat alle vensters op het bureaublad zijn geminimaliseerd of hersteld.\par
3.\tab Haal uw hand van het TouchPad.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoomgebied \b0\par
Met de functie Zoomgebied kunt u de linkerkant van het TouchPad gebruiken om in of uit te zoomen op het item in het actieve venster. De functie Zoomgebied voert dezelfde zoomfunctie uit als een schuifwiel in standaard Windows-toepassingen die CTRL+schuifwiel ondersteunen.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Zoomgebied inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
\b Inzoomen:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats een vinger op het TouchPad in de buurt van de linkerbenedenhoek.\par
2.\tab Schuif de vinger omhoog in de richting van de linkerbovenhoek.\par
3.\tab Herhaal dit totdat u de gewenste vergroting hebt bereikt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Uitzoomen:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats een vinger op het TouchPad in de buurt van de linkerbovenhoek.\par
2.\tab Schuif de vinger omlaag in de richting van de linkerbenedenhoek.\par
3.\tab Herhaal dit totdat u de gewenste vergroting hebt bereikt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
De beweging \b TouchCheck\b0  voorkomt dat u het TouchPad bedient doordat u dit per ongeluk aanraakt. TouchCheck zorgt ervoor dat het TouchPad herkent wanneer uw handpalm erop rust of het oppervlak aanraakt terwijl u typt. Dit helpt om ongewenste bewegingen van de aanwijzer of klikken te voorkomen.\par
\par
Als het TouchPad reageert op ongewenste klikken of bewegingen van de aanwijzer, verhoogt u de instelling voor TouchCheck door de schuifregelaar naar rechts te slepen in de richting van \b Maximum\b0 . Als het Touchpad gewenste bewegingen of tikken niet herkent, verlaagt u de instelling voor TouchCheck door de schuifregelaar naar links te slepen in de richting van \b Minimum\b0 . De kans dat bewegingen of tikken worden gemist, is groter als de schuifregelaar zich in het rode gebied bevindt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Draaien\b0\par
Met de draaibeweging kunt u geselecteerde objecten, zoals een foto of PDF-bestand, in stappen van 90 graden draaien.\par
\par
U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Draaien inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
De draaibeweging gebruiken:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op de linkerbenedenhoek van het TouchPad en beweeg deze niet.\par
2.\tab Leg een andere vinger in de buurt van het midden van het TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Beweeg de tweede vinger in een cirkelvormige beweging om de eerste vinger. Houd tijdens de cirkelvormige beweging steeds dezelfde afstand tussen de twee vingers. Beweeg rechtsom of linksom om het geselecteerd object in die richting te draaien.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Draaien om rechterhoek \b0\par
Als u de draaifunctie wilt gebruiken met de rechterbenedenhoek van het TouchPad, schakelt u het selectievakje \b Draaien om rechterhoek\b0  in. Het is waarschijnlijk handiger om de rechterhoek van het TouchPad te gebruiken als u de beweging uitvoert met de linkerhand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoomsnelheid\b0\par
De schuifregelaar Zoomsnelheid bepaalt hoe snel het venster zoomt als reactie op een vingerbeweging in het zoomgebied.\par
\par
Om langzamer te zoomen sleept u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Langzaam\b0 .\par
Om sneller te zoomen sleept u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Snel\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
ClickZones hebben dezelfde functie als fysieke knoppen. Langs de onderste rand van het ClickPad bevinden zich twee ClickZones. Drukken op een ClickZone komt overeen met drukken op de linker- of rechterknop. Als u ClickZones wilt gebruiken, selecteert u de optie \b ClickZones inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
Als u ClickZones niet inschakelt, moet u \b Tikken\b0  inschakelen of een externe muis gebruiken om te kunnen klikken op de primaire of secundaire knop.\par
\par
De linker ClickZone komt overeen met klikken met de primaire knop. De rechter ClickZone komt overeen met klikken met de secundaire knop. Als u deze instellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Klikken met linkerknop\b0  of \b Klikken met rechterknop\b0  en configureert u dit naar wens.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZones hebben dezelfde functie als fysieke knoppen. Langs de onderste rand van het ClickPad bevinden zich drie ClickZones: links, midden en rechts. Drukken op een ClickZones heeft dezelfde functie als drukken op een knop. Als u ClickZones wilt gebruiken, selecteert u de optie \b ClickZones inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
Als u ClickZones niet inschakelt, moet u \b Tikken\b0  inschakelen of een externe muis gebruiken om te kunnen klikken op de primaire of secundaire knop.\par
\par
De linker ClickZone komt overeen met klikken met de primaire knop. De rechter ClickZone komt overeen met klikken met de secundaire knop. De middelste ClickZone heeft dezelfde functie als een middelste knop. Als u deze instellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Klikken met linkerknop\b0 , \b Klikken met middelste knop \b0 of \b Klikken met rechterknop\b0  en configureert u dit naar wens.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
In de lijst kunt u een actie selecteren die u aan de linker ClickZone wilt toewijzen.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
In de lijst kunt u een actie selecteren die u aan de middelste ClickZone wilt toewijzen.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
In de lijst kunt u een actie selecteren die u aan de rechter ClickZone wilt toewijzen.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZones hebben dezelfde functie als fysieke knoppen. Langs de onderste rand van het ClickPad bevinden zich twee ClickZones. Drukken op een ClickZone komt overeen met drukken op de linker- of rechterknop. Als u ClickZones wilt gebruiken, selecteert u de optie \b ClickZones inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
Als u ClickZones niet inschakelt, kunt u de fysieke knoppen inschakelen voor gebruik als primaire en secundaire knop. Als u ClickZones of de fysieke knoppen niet inschakelt, moet u \b Tikzones\b0  (onder \b Tikken\b0  in de menustructuur) inschakelen of de primaire en secundaire knop van een externe muis gebruiken.\par
\par
De linker ClickZone en de fysieke linkerknop komen overeen met klikken met de primaire knop. De rechter ClickZone en de fysieke rechterknop komen overeen met klikken met de secundaire knop. Als u deze instellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Klikken met linkerknop\b0  of \b Klikken met rechterknop\b0  en configureert u dit naar wens.\par
\par
Klik op \b Video weergeven\b0  als u wilt zien hoe u ClickZones gebruikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZones hebben dezelfde functie als fysieke knoppen. Langs de onderste rand van het ClickPad bevinden zich drie ClickZones: links, midden en rechts. Drukken op een ClickZone heeft dezelfde functie als klikken met de linker-, middelste of rechterknop. Als u ClickZones wilt gebruiken, selecteert u de optie \b ClickZones inschakelen\b0 .\par
\par
Als u ClickZones niet inschakelt, kunt u de fysieke knoppen inschakelen voor gebruik als primaire en secundaire knop. Als u ClickZones of de fysieke knoppen niet inschakelt, moet u \b Tikzones \b0 (onder \b Tikken\b0  in de menustructuur) inschakelen of de primaire en secundaire knop van een externe muis gebruiken.\par
\par
De linker ClickZone en de linkerknop komen overeen met klikken met de primaire knop. De rechter ClickZone en de rechterknop komen overeen met klikken met de secundaire knop. Als u deze instellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Klikken met linkerknop\b0  of \b Klikken met rechterknop\b0  en configureert u dit naar wens.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
In de lijst kunt u een actie selecteren die u aan de ClickZone wilt toewijzen. De optie die u selecteert voor de linker ClickZone wordt automatisch toegewezen aan de linkerknop. Als u bijvoorbeeld de functie van de linker en rechter ClickZones wilt omwisselen, kunt u \b Klikken met secundaire knop \b0 selecteren. Vergeet niet om de actie voor de rechter ClickZone te wijzigen in \b Klikken met primaire knop\b0  om de wijziging te voltooien.\par
\par
Veel acties vereisen geen aanvullende instellingen. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop Configureren beschikbaar of verschijnt er een configuratiedialoogvenster. U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
Klik op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0  als u wilt zien hoe de linker ClickZone wordt gebruikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
In de lijst kunt u een actie selecteren die u aan de middelste ClickZone wilt toewijzen. De optie die u selecteert voor de middelste ClickZone wordt automatisch toegewezen aan de middelste fysieke knop (als er een middelste fysieke knop is). Als u bijvoorbeeld \b Springen naar de knop Start \b0 selecteert en vervolgens op de middelste ClickZone of de middelste knop drukt, wordt de aanwijzer verplaatst naar de knop \b Start\b0  op de Windows-taakbalk en wordt automatisch het menu \b Start \b0 geopend.\par
\par
Veel acties vereisen geen aanvullende instellingen. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een configuratiedialoogvenster. U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
Klik op de knop Video weergeven als u wilt zien hoe de middelste ClickZone wordt gebruikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
In de lijst kunt u een actie selecteren die u aan de rechter ClickZone wilt toewijzen. De optie die u selecteert voor de rechter ClickZone wordt automatisch toegewezen aan de fysieke rechterknop. Als u bijvoorbeeld de functie van de linker en rechter ClickZones wilt omwisselen, kunt u \b Klikken met primaire knop \b0 selecteren. Vergeet niet om de actie voor de linker ClickZone te wijzigen in \b Klikken met secundaire knop\b0  om de wijziging te voltooien.\par
\par
Veel acties vereisen geen aanvullende instellingen. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een configuratiedialoogvenster. U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
Klik op de knop \b Video weergeven\b0  als u wilt zien hoe de rechter ClickZone wordt gebruikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
De functie ClickButtons verandert het hele ClickPad-oppervlak in \'e9\'e9n grote 'virtuele' knop. U kunt overal op het ClickPad drukken om klikken met een primaire, secundaire of middelste knop na te bootsen. Selecteer de optie \b ClickButtons inschakelen\b0  als u deze functie wilt gebruiken.\par
\par
Druk met \'e9\'e9n vinger om klikken met de primaire knop na te bootsen. Druk met twee vingers om klikken met de secundaire knop na te bootsen. Druk met drie vingers om klikken met de middelste knop na te bootsen. Als u deze instellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger\b0 , \b Klikken met twee vingers \b0 of \b Klikken met drie vingers\b0  en configureert u dit naar wens.\par
\par
Als u ClickButtons niet inschakelt, moet u \b Tikken\b0  inschakelen of een externe muis gebruiken om te kunnen klikken op de primaire, secundaire of middelste knop.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Als u wilt klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger, drukt u met \'e9\'e9n vinger op het ClickPad-oppervlak totdat u voelt dat dit wordt ingedrukt. Standaard komt klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger overeen met klikken met de primaire knop.\par
\par
Als u de standaardinstelling wilt wijzigen, selecteert u een optie in de lijst.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Als u wilt klikken met twee vingers, drukt u met twee vingers op het ClickPad-oppervlak totdat u voelt dat dit wordt ingedrukt. Standaard komt klikken met twee vingers overeen met klikken met de secundaire knop.\par
\par
Als u de standaardinstelling wilt wijzigen, selecteert u een optie in de lijst.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Als u wilt klikken met drie vingers, drukt u met drie vingers op het ClickPad-oppervlak totdat u voelt dat dit wordt ingedrukt. Standaard komt klikken met drie vingers overeen met klikken met de middelste knop.\par
\par
Als u de standaardinstelling wilt wijzigen, selecteert u een optie in de lijst.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
De functie ClickButtons verandert het hele ClickPad-oppervlak in \'e9\'e9n grote 'virtuele' knop. U kunt overal drukken om klikken met een primaire, secundaire of middelste knop na te bootsen. Selecteer de optie \b ClickButtons inschakelen\b0  als u deze functie wilt gebruiken.\par
\par
Druk met \'e9\'e9n vinger om klikken met de primaire knop na te bootsen. Druk met twee vingers om klikken met de secundaire knop na te bootsen. Druk met drie vingers om klikken met de middelste knop na te bootsen. Als u deze instellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger\b0 , \b Klikken met twee vingers \b0 of \b Klikken met drie vingers\b0  en configureert u dit naar wens.\par
\par
Als u ClickButtons niet inschakelt, kunt u de fysieke knoppen inschakelen voor gebruik als primaire of secundaire knop. Als u ClickButtons of de fysieke knoppen niet inschakelt, moet u \b Tikzones\b0  (onder \b Tikken\b0  in de menustructuur) inschakelen of de primaire, secundaire en middelste knop van een externe muis gebruiken.\par
\par
Als u de knopinstellingen wilt wijzigen, selecteert u \b Fysieke knoppen\b0  in de menustructuur en configureert u de opties \b Klikken met linkerknop\b0  en \b Klikken met rechterknop\b0  naar wens.\par
\par
Klik op \b Video weergeven\b0  als u wilt zien hoe u ClickButtons gebruikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b Draaien\b0\par
Met de draaibeweging kunt u items, zoals foto's, PDF-bestanden of andere items, draaien. U schakelt deze functie in door het selectievakje \b Draaien inschakelen\b0  in te schakelen.\par
\par
\b De draaibeweging gebruiken:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer het object dat u wilt draaien.\par
2.\tab Plaats twee vingers op het TouchPad. Er moet een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers zijn.\par
3.\tab Draai uw vingers linksom of rechtsom. De beweging lijkt het op draaien aan een knop.\par
4.\tab Herhaal de draaibeweging zo nodig.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
Met de functie Klikken en slepen kunt u items verplaatsen met behulp van ClickZones.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markeer het item dat u wilt verplaatsen met de aanwijzer.\par
2.\tab Druk op de ClickZone die een primaire klik uitvoert. Standaard is dit de linker ClickZone.\par
3.\tab Houd de ClickZone ingedrukt terwijl u het geselecteerde item met een andere vinger naar de gewenste positie sleept.\par
4.\tab Haal uw vinger van de ClickZone wanneer u het versleepte item wilt loslaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Als u problemen ondervindt met klikken en slepen, zorgt u dat ClickZones zijn ingeschakeld en dat u drukt op de ClickZone die is geconfigureerd als primaire knop.\par
\par
Selecteer \b Knoppen en ClickZones\b0  in de menustructuur om de instellingen voor ClickZones te controleren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
U kunt klikken en slepen met \'e9\'e9n vinger om een geselecteerd item te verplaatsen. U kunt klikken en slepen met twee vingers om het equivalent uit te voeren van klikken en slepen met de fysieke rechterknop.\par
\par
\b Klikken en slepen met \'e9\'e9n vinger:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markeer het item dat u wilt verplaatsen met de aanwijzer.\par
2.\tab Druk met \'e9\'e9n vinger op het ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Houd het ClickPad ingedrukt terwijl u het geselecteerde item naar de gewenste locatie sleept.\par
4.\tab Haal uw vinger van het ClickPad wanneer u het item wilt loslaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Klikken en slepen met twee vingers:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markeer het item dat u wilt verplaatsen met de aanwijzer.\par
2.\tab Druk met twee vingers op het ClickPad.\par
3.\tab Houd het ClickPad ingedrukt terwijl u het geselecteerde item naar de gewenste locatie sleept.\par
4.\tab Haal uw vingers van het ClickPad wanneer u het item wilt loslaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Met de schuifregelaar \b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend voordat het Scroll Pad reageert.\par
\par
Als het Scroll Pad onregelmatig reageert of als u werkt in een gebied met een hoge luchtvochtigheid, kunt u de gevoeligheid verminderen door de schuif naar rechts te slepen in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
Als u te hard moet drukken om het Scroll Pad te bedienen, verhoogt u de gevoeligheid door de schuif naar links te slepen in de richting van \b Licht aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Met de instellingen voor \b Gevoeligheid\b0  kunt u de manier waarop het Scroll Pad reageert op uw aanraking aanpassen aan uw eigen wensen. U past de gevoeligheidinstellingen aan door een item te selecteren onder \b Gevoeligheid\b0  in de menustructuur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
De functie \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 voorkomt dat u het Scroll Pad bedient doordat u dit per ongeluk aanraakt. Met PalmCheck kan het Scroll Pad herkennen wanneer uw handpalm erop rust of het oppervlak aanraakt terwijl u typt. Hiermee voorkomt u ongewenst schuiven.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
Met het selectievakje \b Knop inschakelen\b0  schakelt u de knop voor dit apparaat in. Als u wilt bepalen welke actie wordt uitgevoerd wanneer u op de knop drukt, selecteert u de naam van de knop in de menustructuur.\par
\par
Als \b Knop inschakelen\b0  niet is geselecteerd, is de knop uitgeschakeld en heeft het geen effect als u erop drukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
Selecteer in de bovenstaande lijst de actie die u wilt toewijzen aan de geselecteerde knop. De geselecteerde actie wordt uitgevoerd telkens wanneer u op de knop drukt.\par
\par
Houd er rekening mee dat u alleen een actie aan de knop kunt toewijzen als deze is ingeschakeld. U schakelt de knop in door de volgende stappen uit te voeren:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Selecteer \b Knop\b0  in de menustructuur aan de linkerkant.\par
2.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Knop inschakelen\b0  in.\par
3.\tab Selecteer de knop onder \b Knop\b0  in de menustructuur om terug te keren naar deze pagina.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Met deze opties kunt u opgeven in welk venster of item wordt geschoven wanneer u schuiven gebruikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
Voor sommige toepassingen kunt u de hoeveelheid rotatie opgeven. De optie die u selecteert in het veld \b Hoeveelheid rotatie inschakelen\b0  wordt toegepast als de toepassing dit ondersteunt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Klik op \b Video weergeven\b0  als u wilt zien hoe u deze beweging uitvoert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
Als de optie 'Filteren van tikken op rand inschakelen' is geselecteerd, worden onopzettelijke vingertikken op de randen van het TouchPad genegeerd.\par
\par
De randen worden aangegeven door het gearceerde gedeelte hierboven. U kunt de grootte van de randen aanpassen door de zwarte formaatgrepen te verslepen. Deze instelling is niet van invloed op aanwijzerbeweging, gebiedsselectie, scrolgebied en invoer met bewegingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
Met de functie Startgebied kunt u onopzettelijke aanwijzerbewegingen en gebiedsselecties beperken.\par
\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, wordt de aanwijzerbeweging of gebiedsselectie alleen uitgevoerd als uw vinger het TouchPad voor het eerst aanraakt in het startgebied. Als u probeert de aanwijzer te verplaatsen of een gebied te selecteren maar het TouchPad eerst buiten het startgebied aanraakt, wordt de aanraking genegeerd. Als de aanwijzerbeweging of gebiedsselectie binnen het startgebied begint, werken delen van het TouchPad die zich buiten het startgebied bevinden op de normale manier totdat het startgebied opnieuw wordt ingesteld. Met behulp van de bovenstaande schuifregelaar kunt u opgeven hoe snel het startgebied opnieuw wordt ingesteld wanneer er geen contact plaatsvindt. De optie Startgebied is niet van invloed op tikken, scrolgebieden en bewegingen.\par
\par
Voor het beste resultaat kunt u naast deze functie ook de functie PalmCheck inschakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Met de schuifregelaar \b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0  kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk er moet worden uitgeoefend voordat de schuifsensor reageert.\par
\par
Als de schuifsensor onregelmatig reageert of als u werkt in een gebied met een hoge luchtvochtigheid, kunt u de gevoeligheid verminderen door de schuif naar rechts te slepen in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
Als u te hard moet drukken om de schuifsensor te bedienen, verhoogt u de gevoeligheid door de schuif naar links te slepen in de richting van \b Licht aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Met de instellingen voor \b Gevoeligheid\b0  kunt u de manier waarop de schuifsensor reageert op uw aanraking aanpassen aan uw eigen wensen. U past de gevoeligheidinstellingen aan door een item te selecteren onder \b Gevoeligheid\b0  in de menustructuur.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
Als Dubbeltikken met twee vingers is ingeschakeld, kunt u tweemaal met twee vingers tegelijk op het TouchPad tikken om de gewenste toepassing te starten. (Zorg ervoor dat er een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers is.) Klik op Configureren om de toepassing te selecteren die u met deze beweging wilt starten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
Het startgebied wordt aangegeven door het gearceerde gedeelte hierboven. U kunt de grootte van het startgebied aanpassen door de zwarte formaatgrepen te verslepen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Wat is een ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
Een Synaptics ClickPad\'99 lijkt op een Synaptics TouchPad\'99. Net als een TouchPad kan een ClickPad worden gebruikt om items te verschuiven, aan te wijzen en te selecteren.\par
\par
Een ClickPad wordt echter ingedrukt wanneer u erop drukt. Een ClickPad indrukken lijkt op drukken op een fysieke knop. Daardoor vormt het ClickPad een handig alternatief voor fysieke knoppen of een muis.\par
\par
Het ClickPad biedt een of beide van de volgende functies:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx180\par
Selecteer in de menustructuur links de functie waarover u meer informatie wilt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Vergrootglasmodus\b0\par
Als de vergrootglasoptie is ingeschakeld, kunt u de aanwijzer veranderen in een vergrootglas en hiermee het gewenste deel van het scherm vergroten. Geef de grootte van het vergrootglas (tussen 100 en 400 pixels in elke richting) en het standaardzoomniveau op.\par
\par
\b De vergrootglasmodus inschakelen en gebruiken:\b0\par
Plaats \'e9\'e9n vinger op het TouchPad en dubbeltik met een tweede vinger. Er wordt een rechthoek (vergrootglas) weergegeven.\par
\par
In de vergrootglasmodus kunt u het vergrootglas op dezelfde manier als een aanwijzer verplaatsen om de positie ervan te wijzigen. U kunt de knijpzoombeweging gebruiken om de zoomfactor te verhogen of te verlagen.\par
\par
\b De vergrootglasmodus uitschakelen:\b0\par
Klik met de linkermuisknop, tik op het TouchPad of druk op Esc op het toetsenbord om terug te keren naar de normale aanwijzermodus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Eenmaal tikken met twee vingers\b0\par
Als u Eenmaal tikken met twee vingers inschakelt, fungeert het TouchPad als knop wanneer u erop tikt met twee vingers. Selecteer de actie uit de lijst die u wilt uitvoeren als u eenmaal tikt met twee vingers en configureer de actie zo nodig.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Verticale bewegingen met drie vingers\b0\par
Met een verticale beweging met drie vingers kunt u snel naar Deze computer gaan of tussen taken wisselen. Als u de beweging omhoog met drie vingers wilt inschakelen, schakelt u het selectievakje 'Deze computer' in. Als u de beweging omlaag met drie vingers wilt inschakelen, schakelt u het selectievakje 'Schakelen tussen vensters' in.\par
\par
\b Beweging omhoog met drie vingers:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats drie vingers (iets uit elkaar) in de buurt van de onderste rand van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif uw vingers omhoog naar de bovenste rand van het TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Het venster Deze computer wordt geopend.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Beweging omhoog met drie vingers:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats drie vingers (iets uit elkaar) in de buurt van de bovenste van het TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Schuif uw vingers omlaag naar de onderste rand van het TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Haal uw vingers van het TouchPad.\par
4.\tab De taakschakelaar wordt gestart.\par
5.\tab Beweeg drie vingers horizontaal naar links of naar rechts om tussen toepassingen te schakelen.\par
6.\tab Wanneer de gewenste toepassing is gemarkeerd, haalt u alle vingers van het TouchPad om naar die toepassing te schakelen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
De functie \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 is speciaal bedoeld voor bewegingen van de aanwijzer over grote afstanden. Als uw vinger tegen de rand van het TouchPad stoot, blijft de aanwijzer in dezelfde richting bewegen tot u uw vinger van het TouchPad haalt.\par
\par
Als u EdgeMotion wilt inschakelen, moet u ervoor zorgen dat tikken is ingeschakeld. Vervolgens selecteert u de gewenste opties voor EdgeMotion.\par
\par
De schuiffuncties ondersteunen EdgeMotion. Als u EdgeMotion wilt gebruiken tijdens het schuiven, selecteert u de gewenste schuiffuncties.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
Met de functie \b Activeerzone voor TouchPad\b0  kunt u het TouchPad in- of uitschakelen door te dubbeltikken op de hoek van het TouchPad.\par
Als het TouchPad is ingeschakeld, dubbeltikt u in de hoek om het TouchPad uit te schakelen. Als het TouchPad is uitgeschakeld, dubbeltikt u in de hoek om het TouchPad in te schakelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Als u dit selectievakje inschakelt, wordt dubbeltikken ingeschakeld. Als u dit vakje uitschakelt, wordt dubbeltikken uitgeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om verticaal en horizontaal schuiven in te schakelen.\par
Schuif uw vinger omhoog of omlaag op het TouchPad om het geselecteerde item of venster verticaal te verplaatsen.\par
Schuif uw vinger naar links of naar rechts op het TouchPad om het geselecteerde item of venster horizontaal te verplaatsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om verticaal en horizontaal schuiven in te schakelen.\par
Schuif twee vingers omhoog of omlaag op het TouchPad om het geselecteerde item of venster verticaal te verplaatsen.\par
Schuif twee vingers naar links of naar rechts op het TouchPad om het geselecteerde item of venster horizontaal te verplaatsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
Als Dubbeltikken met twee vingers is ingeschakeld, kunt u tweemaal met twee vingers tegelijk op het TouchPad\'99 tikken om de gewenste toepassing te starten. (Zorg ervoor dat er een kleine ruimte tussen de vingers is.) Klik op Configureren om de toepassing te selecteren die u met deze beweging wilt starten.\par
\par
Dubbeltikken met twee vingers inschakelen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Zorg dat \b Tikken inschakelen\b0  is geselecteerd op de pagina \b Tikken\b0.\par
2.\tab Schakel het selectievakje \b Dubbeltikken met twee vingers inschakelen\b0  in.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b TouchPad\'99 uitschakelen\b0\par
Als u het TouchPad\'99 niet wilt gebruiken, kunt u het uitschakelen. Dubbeltik op de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad\'99. Het TouchPad\'99-pictogram op de taakbalk verandert en geeft aan dat het TouchPad\'99 niet beschikbaar is voor gebruik.\par
Als u het TouchPad\'99 weer wilt inschakelen, dubbeltikt u nogmaals op de linkerbovenhoek van het TouchPad\'99. Het pictogram op de taakbalk geeft aan dat het TouchPad\'99 weer beschikbaar is.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
Met de optie \b TouchPad\'99 uitschakelen\b0  blijft het TouchPad\'99 uitgeschakeld totdat u het weer inschakelt door te dubbeltikken op de linkerbovenhoek.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
De optie \b TouchPad\'99 uitschakelen voor \'e9\'e9n sessie\b0  schakelt het TouchPad\'99 uit gedurende de rest van de huidige sessie. Het TouchPad\'99 wordt automatisch weer ingeschakeld wanneer u zich de volgende keer aanmeldt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b Gevoeligheid\b0\par
Met de instellingen voor Gevoeligheid kunt u de manier waarop de schuifsensor reageert op uw aanraking aanpassen aan uw eigen wensen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
De schuiffuncties ondersteunen EdgeMotion\'99. Als u EdgeMotion\'99 wilt gebruiken tijdens het scrollen, selecteert u \b EdgeMotion\'99 inschakelen tijdens scrollen\b0  bij \b Scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vinger\b0  of \b Scrollen met twee vingers\b0  bij \b Scrollen\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
Als dit filter is ingeschakeld, helpt dit voorspellen wanneer u opzettelijk het gebied voor scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vinger gebruikt. Schakel dit filter in als u merkt dat scrollen per ongeluk wordt geactiveerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
Als dit filter is ingeschakeld, helpt het te voorspellen wanneer u opzettelijk knijpzoomen, scrollen met twee vingers, draaien en bewegingen voor toepassingen gebruikt.\par
\par
Het gedeelte van het TouchPad\'99 dat voor bewegingen kan worden gebruikt, wordt aangegeven door het gearceerde gebied erboven. U kunt de grootte van dit gebied aanpassen door de zwarte formaatgrepen te verslepen.\par
\par
Als het eerste contact plaatsvindt buiten het gearceerde gebied, wordt de beweging genegeerd. Schakel dit filter in als u per ongeluk knijpzoomen, scrollen met twee vingers of draaien activeert\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b Bewegingen met meerdere vingers\b0\par
Bewegingen met meerdere vingers vormen snelle methoden om veelgebruikte toepassingen of functies te starten. De reactie van de computer op deze bewegingen kan specifiek horen bij een bepaalde toepassing. Klik op de Help voor de desbetreffende beweging voor meer informatie.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Scrollen met twee vingers\b0\par
Met de functie Scrollen met twee vingers kunt u verticaal of horizontaal scrollen vanaf een willekeurige plek op het oppervlak van het TouchPad\'99. Plaats twee vingers op het TouchPad\'99 en beweeg deze in de gewenste richting. U hoeft hierbij geen rekening te houden met scrolgebieden.\par
\par
Bekijk de video voor meer informatie over het gebruik van scrollen met twee vingers. Zorg dat de vingers iets uit elkaar staan. Haal beide vingers van het TouchPad\'99 om te stoppen met scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Verticaal scrollen inschakelen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om verticaal scrollen in te schakelen. Beweeg uw twee vingers omhoog of omlaag op het TouchPad\'99 om verticaal in het geselecteerde venster of item te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Horizontaal scrollen inschakelen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in om horizontaal scrollen in te schakelen voor vensters met horizontale schuifbalken. Als u uw vinger heen en weer beweegt over de onderste rand van het TouchPad\'99, scrolt u horizontaal in het geselecteerde venster of item.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99 inschakelen bij scrollen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in als u wilt blijven scrollen wanneer uw vingers de rand van het TouchPad\'99 bereiken. U stopt het scrollen door uw vingers van het TouchPad\'99 te halen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Vrijloopscrollen inschakelen\b0\par
Met vrijloopscrollen kunt u gemakkelijk door lange documenten scrollen. Schakel dit selectievakje in als u dat het scrollen wordt vervolgd nadat u uw vingers van het TouchPad\'99-oppervlak hebt gehaald. U kunt vrijloopscrollen door uw vingers te bewegen en in \'e9\'e9n vloeiende beweging van het TouchPad\'99 te halen. U kunt stoppen met vrijloopscrollen door uw vingers weer op het TouchPad\'99 te leggen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b Oefenen\b0\par
Klik op de knop Oefenen als u wilt leren hoe u scrollen gebruikt aan de hand van een eenvoudige doolhof.\par
\par
Zoek voordat u begint, het begin- en eindpunt van de doolhof. U kunt niet de hele doolhof zien, omdat de doolhof groter is dan het venster waarin deze wordt weergegeven. Scrol om een ander gedeelte van de doolhof te zien in het venster. Houd de Ctrl-toets ingedrukt en scrol om het formaat van de doolhof te wijzigen.\par
\par
Een gele stip in de linkerbovenhoek van de doolhof geeft de ingang aan. Een blauwe stip aan de rechterkant van de doolhof geeft de uitgang aan.\par
\par
Oefenen met scrollen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klik op het rode vierkantje in de gele stip.\par
2.\tab Gebruik de pijltoetsen of tik op het TouchPad\'99 om te navigeren in de doolhof.\par
3.\tab Gebruik de gewenste scrolmethode om een ander gedeelte van de doolhof weer te geven.\par
4.\tab Sluit het venster met de scroloefening nadat u de blauwe stip rechts hebt bereikt.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Knijpzoomen\b0\par
De beweging Knijpzoomen biedt zoomfuncties in een groot aantal toepassingen. U kunt knijpzoomen gebruiken om de functies van een schuifwiel na te bootsen in standaardtoepassingen onder Windows die zoomen met Ctrl+schuifwiel ondersteunen.\par
\par
Schakel het selectievakje Knijpzoomen in om de knijpbeweging voor zoomen in te schakelen. Bekijk de video als u wilt leren hoe u deze beweging uitvoert. Gebruik uw vingertippen voor het beste resultaat.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoomsnelheid\b0\par
De schuifregelaar Zoomsnelheid bepaalt hoe snel het venster inzoomt bij het gebruik van knijpzoomen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Als u trager wilt zoomen, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Langzaam\b0 .\par
Als u sneller wilt zoomen, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Snel\b0 .\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Draaien om punt inschakelen\b0\par
Als dit selectievakje is ingeschakeld, kunt u een object, zoals een foto, draaien in stappen van 90 graden.\par
\par
Bekijk de video als u wilt leren hoe u deze beweging uitvoert. Zorg dat de ruimte tussen de twee vingers gelijk blijft terwijl u deze beweging uitvoert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Draaien om rechterhoek\b0\par
Als u de functie Draaien om punt wilt gebruiken met de rechterbenedenhoek, schakelt u het selectievakje Draaien om rechterhoek in. Dit kan handiger zijn als u de beweging Draaien om punt met de linkerhand uitvoert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\'99 inschakelen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in als u de beweging ChiralRotate\'99 wilt gebruiken om objecten te draaien in stappen van 90 graden. Houd er rekening mee dat de ChiralRotate\'99-beweging alleen werkt in ondersteunde toepassingen.\par
\par
De beweging ChiralRotate\'99 gebruiken:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plaats \'e9\'e9n vinger op de linkerdoelzone (onderaan) van het TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Schuif de vinger omhoog of omlaag en begin een cirkelvormige beweging te maken. Als u het object rechtsom wilt draaien, maakt u een cirkel met de klok mee. Als u het object linksom wilt draaien, maakt u een cirkel tegen de klok in.\par
3.\tab Haal uw vinger van het TouchPad\'99 om terug te keren naar de aanwijsmodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Drukken met drie vingers\b0\par
Als dit selectievakje is ingeschakeld, kunt u een opgegeven toepassing starten door te drukken met drie vingers. Klik op de knop Instellingen als u de toepassing(en) die worden gestart wilt wijzigen.\par
\par
Bekijk de video om te leren hoe u drukt met drie vingers. Zorg dat er een kleine ruimte tussen uw vingers is wanneer u deze beweging uitvoert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0\par
Met de schuifregelaar Aanraakgevoeligheid bepaalt u hoeveel vingerdruk is vereist om de aanwijzer met een bepaalde snelheid te verplaatsen. Als de aanwijzer grillig beweegt, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 . Als de druk niet wordt geregistreerd, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Licht aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Scrollen\b0\par
Met de scrolfuncties kunt u de schuifbalken van een venster bedienen zonder dat u de aanwijzer van uw werk hoeft te verplaatsen. De scrolfuncties werken met de meeste scrolbare vensters, zoals documenten, spreadsheets en grote digitale afbeeldingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Scrolrichting omkeren inschakelen\b0\par
Met deze functie kunt u het standaardscrolgedrag wijzigen. Bij standaard scrollen verplaatst u het schuifblokje in dezelfde richting als de beweging van uw vinger. Als u de scrolrichting omdraait, wordt het document of object in de richting van de vingerbeweging verplaatst.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling\'99 inschakelen\b0\par
Met deze functie kunt u ononderbroken scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vloeiende, cirkelvormige beweging. De scrolsnelheid wordt bepaald door de snelheid van de vingerbeweging. U kunt deze functie inschakelen door het selectievakje ChiralScrolling inschakelen in te schakelen.\par
\par
ChiralScrolling gebruiken:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg \'e9\'e9n vinger op de doelzone. Als u naar boven of beneden wilt scrollen, bevindt de doelzone zich rechts op het TouchPad\'99. Als u naar links of rechts wilt scrollen, bevindt de doelzone zich onder op het TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Beweeg uw vinger in de richting waarin u wilt scrollen en begin uw vinger linksom of rechtsom in een cirkel te bewegen. Zodra ChiralScrolling is geactiveerd, kunt u uw vinger naar een willekeurig punt op het TouchPad\'99 laten gaan terwijl u een cirkelvormige beweging maakt. Opmerking: als u de scrolrichting wilt wijzigen, beweegt u uw vinger eenvoudig de andere kant op. U begint dan te scrollen in omgekeerde richting.\par
3.\tab Als wilt stoppen met scrollen en wilt terugkeren naar de aanwijsmodus, haalt u uw vinger van het TouchPad\'99-oppervlak.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99 inschakelen bij scrollen\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in als u wilt blijven scrollen wanneer uw vinger de rand van het TouchPad\'99 bereikt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Scrolgebied\b0\par
Het diagram met het scrolgebied vertegenwoordigt het oppervlak van het TouchPad\'99. Het gearceerde gebied toont de scrolgebieden op het oppervlak van het TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad\'99 legt, ziet u pijlen aan de rand van het TouchPad\'99-diagram die de positie van uw vinger aangeven. Als uw vinger zich bevindt in een actief scrolgebied op het TouchPad\'99, krijgt het bijbehorende scrolgebied in het diagram een effen kleur.\par
\par
U kunt de scrolgebieden groter of kleiner maken door de zwarte vierkantjes aan de rand van het gearceerde gebied te verslepen. Als u het scrollen niet goed kunt activeren, maakt u het scrolgebied groter door de randen van het gearceerde gebied naar binnen te slepen. Als het scrollen te snel wordt geactiveerd, maakt u het scrolgebied kleiner.\par
\par
Als de scrolgebieden grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden aangepast, controleert u of verticaal en horizontaal scrollen zijn ingeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Draaien\b0\par
De draaifuncties bieden handige bewegingen om foto's en andere objecten te draaien.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
De functie PalmCheck\'99 voorkomt dat u het TouchPad\'99 bedient doordat u dit per ongeluk aanraakt. PalmCheck\'99 zorgt ervoor dat het TouchPad\'99 herkent wanneer uw handpalm erop rust of het oppervlak aanraakt terwijl u typt en die aanraking negeert. Dit helpt om ongewenste bewegingen van de aanwijzer of klikken te voorkomen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\'99-gevoeligheid\b0\par
U kunt de gevoeligheid van PalmCheck\'99 aanpassen aan uw typ- en aanwijsgewoonten.\par
\par
Als het TouchPad\'99 reageert op ongewenste klikken of aanwijzerbewegingen, verhoogt u de instelling voor PalmCheck\'99 door de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Maximum\b0  te verplaatsen.\par
\par
Als het TouchPad\'99 gewenste bewegingen of tikken niet herkent, verlaagt u de instelling voor PalmCheck\'99 door de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Minimum\b0  te verplaatsen. De kans dat bewegingen of tikken worden gemist, is groter als de schuifregelaar zich in het rode gebied bevindt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
De functie Momentum zorgt voor een snelle, vloeiende, trackball-achtige muisbeweging. Met \'e9\'e9n snelle beweging van de vinger op het TouchPad\'99 kunt u de aanwijzer over het hele computerscherm verplaatsen. Momentum vermindert het aantal herhalingen en de vermoeidheid wanneer u de aanwijzer over lange afstanden verplaatst, terwijl het vloeiend en natuurlijk werkt, vergelijkbaar met een trackball. Momentum is ideaal voor RTS-spellen (Real Time Strategy), FPS-speller (First Person Shooter) en RPG-spellen (Role Playing Games).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Verplaatsingsafstand\b0\par
Met de schuifregelaar Verplaatsingsafstand kunt u aanpassen hoe ver de aanwijzer wordt verplaatst in reactie op een haalbeweging van een vinger op het TouchPad\'99. U stopt de aanwijzer door eenmaal te tikken of uw vinger op het TouchPad\'99-oppervlak te leggen.\par
\par
U vergroot de verplaatsingsafstand door de schuifregelaar te verplaatsen in de richting van \b Lang\b0 . U verkleint de afstand door de schuifregelaar te verplaatsen in de richting van \b Kort\b0 .\par
\par
\b Stoppen bij schermrand\b0\par
Schakel dit selectievakje in als u wilt dat de aanwijzer binnen de grenzen van het computerscherm blijft. Dankzij de functie Stoppen bij schermrand kunt u gemakkelijk menuopties en bedieningselementen gebruiken die zich in de buurt van de randen van het scherm bevinden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
De functie EdgeMotion\'99 is speciaal bedoeld voor bewegingen van de aanwijzer over grote afstanden. Als uw vinger tegen de rand van het TouchPad\'99 stoot, blijft de aanwijzer in dezelfde richting bewegen tot u uw vinger van het TouchPad\'99 haalt.\par
\par
De schuiffuncties ondersteunen EdgeMotion\'99. Als u EdgeMotion\'99 wilt gebruiken tijdens het scrollen, schakelt u het selectievakje \b EdgeMotion\'99 inschakelen bij scrollen\b0  onder \b Scrollen\b0 in.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99-gebied\b0\par
Het diagram met het EdgeMotion\'99-gebied in het instellingenvenster vertegenwoordigt het oppervlak van het TouchPad\'99. Het gearceerde gebied toont de EdgeMotion\'99-gebieden op het oppervlak van het TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad\'99 legt, verschijnen er pijlen aan de rand van het diagram van het EdgeMotion\'99-gebied die de positie van uw vinger aangeven. Als uw vinger zich bevindt in een actief EdgeMotion\'99-gebied op het TouchPad\'99, krijgt het bijbehorende EdgeMotion\'99-gebied in het diagram een effen kleur.\par
\par
U kunt de EdgeMotion\'99-gebieden groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes op de rand van het gearceerde gebied te verslepen. Als u EdgeMotion\'99 niet goed kunt activeren, maakt u het EdgeMotion\'99-gebied groter door de randen van het gearceerde gebied naar binnen te slepen. Als EdgeMotion\'99 te snel wordt geactiveerd, maakt u het EdgeMotion\'99-gebied kleiner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Snelheid regelen via vingerdruk\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, wordt de EdgeMotion\'99-snelheid bepaalt door de kracht waarmee u met uw vinger op het TouchPad\'99 drukt. De scrolsnelheid neemt toe naarmate u harder drukt.\par
\par
\b Vaste snelheid\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, wordt de aanwijzer altijd met een constante ingestelde snelheid verplaatst wanneer uw vinger zich in het EdgeMotion\'99-gebied bevindt.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Toegankelijkheid\b0\par
Met de toegankelijkheidsfuncties kunt u instellen hoe de aanwijzer reageert op uw aanwijsacties. U kunt bijvoorbeeld de aanwijzer in een venster houden, de snelheid van de beweging vertragen of de richting van de aanwijzerbeweging beperken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Plakranden inschakelen\b0\par
Deze optie beperkt de aanwijzer tot het actieve venster. De eerste keer dat u probeert de aanwijzer buiten het venster te verplaatsen, stopt de aanwijzer bij de rand. Als u het nog een keer probeert, kan de aanwijzer het venster verlaten.\par
\par
Doordat de aanwijzer stopt bij de randen van het venster, kunt u bedieningselementen in de buurt van de randen van het venster gemakkelijker gebruiken. Als u bijvoorbeeld een venster wilt sluiten of het formaat ervan wilt wijzigen, kunt u de aanwijzer snel in de richting van het sluitvak of de rand van het venster verplaatsen, waarna de aanwijzer precies bij de rand stopt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Trage beweging inschakelen\b0\par
Als deze optie is ingeschakeld, kunt u de aanwijzersnelheid verlagen, zodat u onderdelen nauwkeuriger kunt aanwijzen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Beperkte beweging inschakelen\b0\par
Met deze functie kunt u ervoor zorgen dat de aanwijzer uitsluitend horizontaal of verticaal over het scherm beweegt. Deze functie komt vooral van pas in tekenprogramma's.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Tikken\b0\par
Als dit selectievakje is ingeschakeld, kunt u tikken om de functies van de linkermuisknop uit te voeren. Als u dit selectievakje uitschakelt, kunt u alleen klikken met de TouchPad\'99-knoppen.\par
\par
Tikken betekent het TouchPad\'99-oppervlak kort aanraken met uw vinger en uw vinger daarna van het oppervlak halen. Een lichte, snelle tik werkt het beste. Zeer harde of trage tikken zijn minder effectief. Tik eenmaal voor eenmaal klikken of tik tweemaal snel achter elkaar voor dubbelklikken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Slepen vergrendelen\b0\par
Als deze functie is ingeschakeld, kunt u objecten over lange afstanden over het scherm slepen met behulp van meerdere vingerbewegingen. Als Slepen vergrendelen is geselecteerd, wordt een sleepactie vervolgd nadat u uw vinger van het TouchPad\'99 haalt. Tik nogmaals op het TouchPad\'99 om het object neer te zetten en de sleepbewerking te be\'ebindigen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Tikzones inschakelen\b0\par
Als dit selectievakje is ingeschakeld, kunt u een bepaalde actie of snelkoppeling toewijzen aan elke hoek van het TouchPad\'99. Wanneer u op een van de tikzones tikt, wordt de opgegeven actie uitgevoerd, wat gewoonlijk tijd en klikken bespaart.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Configureren\b0\par
Selecteer in de keuzelijst een actie die u wilt toewijzen aan een tikzone. Veel acties vereisen geen aanvullende instellingen. Als echter meer informatie is vereist, is de knop Configureren beschikbaar. U kunt op elk gewenst moment op de knop Configureren klikken om de configuratie van de actie te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
U kunt uiteenlopende acties toewijzen aan tikzones. Er zijn mogelijk nog meer acties beschikbaar als u TouchPad\'99-plug-ins van andere leveranciers hebt ge\'efnstalleerd. Als de opties in de keuzelijst grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden geselecteerd, controleert u of het selectievakje \b Tikzones inschakelen\b0  is ingeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Knoppen\b0\par
Standaard fungeren de knoppen als muisknoppen voor dit aanwijsapparaat. Als dit vakje niet is ingeschakeld, zijn de knoppen uitgeschakeld en heeft het geen effect wanneer u erop drukt. U kunt in dat geval alleen met het aanwijsapparaat klikken door te tikken.\par
\par
U kunt ook een andere actie opgeven die wordt uitgevoerd wanneer u op een knop drukt. U kunt bijvoorbeeld de rechterknop zo instellen dat deze naar een webpagina in de standaardbrowser gaat. Telkens wanneer u op de rechterknop van het aanwijsapparaat drukt, wordt automatisch de webbrowser geopend en wordt de opgegeven pagina geladen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Knopactie\b0\par
Kies in de vervolgkeuzelijst de actie die u wilt toewijzen aan de gewenste knop. De geselecteerde actie wordt uitgevoerd telkens wanneer u op die knop drukt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Werken met het eigenschappenvenster\b0\par
In het eigenschappenvenster kunt u de instellingen voor uw aanwijsapparaat aanpassen. De menustructuur biedt toegang tot de aanpasbare functies. Klik op de pijl naast een functie of dubbelklik om de opties te zien.\par
\par
\b Functies in- en uitschakelen\b0\par
Schakel het selectievakje in om een functie in te schakelen. Schakel het vakje uit om de functie uit te schakelen.\par
\par
\b Instellingen\b0\par
Als bij de geselecteerde functie een instellingenpictogram wordt weergegeven dat oplicht wanneer u de muisaanwijzer erop plaatst, kunt u erop klikken of dubbelklikken op de naam van de functie om de instellingen ervan te configureren. Als u niet op een instellingenpictogram kunt klikken, controleert u of het selectievakje van de functie en eventuele bovenliggende selectievakjes zijn ingeschakeld.\par
\par
\b Help\b0\par
Voor meer informatie kunt u klikken op het pictogram met het vraagteken en de Help-knop.\par
\par
\b Knop Sluiten\b0\par
Met de knop Sluiten in het instellingenvenster sluit u het venster. De wijzigingen worden pas toegepast nadat u klikt op \b Toepassen\b0  of \b OK\b0  in het eigenschappenvenster.\par
\par
\b Knop Standaard\b0\par
De knop Standaard in het eigenschappenvenster herstelt de standaardwaarden van alle TouchPad\'99-instellingen.\par
\par
De knop Standaard in een instellingenvenster herstelt de standaardwaarden van alle instellingen in het huidige venster. De wijzigingen worden pas toegepast nadat u klikt op \b Toepassen\b0  of \b OK\b0  in het eigenschappenvenster.\par
\par
\b Knop OK\b0\par
Met de knop OK slaat u uw wijzigingen op en sluit u het eigenschappenvenster.\par
\par
\b Knop Annuleren\b0\par
Met de knop Annuleren sluit u het eigenschappenvenster zonder wijzigingen op te slaan.\par
\par
\b Knop Toepassen\b0\par
Met de knop Toepassen slaat u uw wijzigingen op, maar houdt u het eigenschappenvenster geopend zodat u meer wijzigingen kunt aanbrengen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Scrolsnelheid\b0\par
Met de schuifregelaar Scrolsnelheid kunt u de snelheid van het scrollen instellen. Sleep de schuifregelaar naar rechts om sneller te scrollen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Aanwijzen\b0\par
Op de pagina's met instellingen voor aanwijzen kunt u opgeven hoe de aanwijzer reageert op uw aanwijs- en selectieacties.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0\par
Met de schuifregelaar Aanraakgevoeligheid kunt u regelen hoeveel vingerdruk moet worden uitgeoefend voordat het TouchPad\'99 reageert.\par
\par
Als de aanwijzer zich onregelmatig verplaatst of onregelmatig klikt of als u werkt in een gebied met hoge luchtvochtigheid, kunt u de gevoeligheid verminderen door de schuifregelaar te verplaatsen in de richting van \b Hard aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
Als u te hard moet drukken om het TouchPad\'99 te bedienen of als het TouchPad\'99 niet altijd reageert op uw tikken, verhoogt u de gevoeligheid door de schuifregelaar te verplaatsen in de richting van \b Licht aanraken\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Tikzones\b0\par
Het diagram Tikzones vertegenwoordigt het oppervlak van het TouchPad\'99. Het gearceerde gebied in het diagram vertegenwoordigt de actieve tikzones op het TouchPad\'99-oppervlak. Als u uw vinger op het TouchPad\'99 legt, ziet u pijlen aan de rand van het TouchPad\'99-diagram die de positie van uw vinger aangeven. Als uw vinger zich bevindt in een actieve tikzone op het TouchPad\'99, krijgt de bijbehorende tikzone in het diagram een effen kleur.\par
\par
U kunt de tikzones groter of kleiner maken door een van de zwarte vierkantjes op de rand van de gearceerde gebieden te verslepen. Als u een tikzone niet goed kunt activeren, maakt u de tikzone groter. Als een tikzone te snel wordt geactiveerd, maakt u de tikzone kleiner.\par
\par
Als de tikzones grijs zijn en niet kunnen worden aangepast, controleert u of het selectievakje \b Tikzones inschakelen\b0  is ingeschakeld.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Drukken om te selecteren\b0\par
Met de functie Drukken om te selecteren kunt u tik- en drukbewegingen gebruiken om muisklikken uit te voeren.\par
\par
Tikken of drukken op de punt van het aanwijspookje komt overeen met klikken op de linkermuisknop. Tikken of drukken kan echter sneller en handiger zijn dan de muisknop gebruiken.\par
\par
Tikken betekent dat u de punt van het aanwijspookje snel indrukt en weer loslaat. Een lichte, snelle tik werkt het beste. Zeer harde of trage tikken zijn minder effectief. Tik eenmaal voor eenmaal klikken of tik tweemaal snel achter elkaar voor dubbelklikken.\par
\par
Drukken betekent dat u de punt van het aanwijspookje snel indrukt met uw vinger. Licht drukken werkt het beste. Druk recht omlaag om het klikken en vasthouden van de muisknop na te bootsen. Druk recht omlaag en daarna opzij om te klikken en te slepen in de gewenste richting. Laat het pookje los wanneer u de muisknop wilt loslaten.\par
\par
De fysieke knoppen kunnen ook worden gebruikt om te klikken. Als u dit selectievakje uitschakelt, kunt u alleen klikken met de fysieke knoppen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Drukken om alleen te selecteren\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, wordt een object geselecteerd als u drukt op de punt van het aanwijspookje, maar wordt het niet geopend of verplaatst.\par
\par
\b Drukken om te selecteren en te slepen\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, wordt een object geselecteerd als u drukt op de punt van het aanwijspookje en blijft dit geselecteerd, zodat u het kunt verplaatsen met het aanwijspookje. Dit komt overeen met drukken op de muisknop en deze ingedrukt houden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Drukken om te selecteren betekent klikken met primaire knop\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, voert drukken op het aanwijspookje dezelfde actie uit als een klikken met de primaire muisknop.\par
\par
\b Drukken om te selecteren betekent klikken met secundaire knop\b0\par
Als deze optie is geselecteerd, voert drukken op het aanwijspookje dezelfde actie uit als een klikken met de secundaire muisknop.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Snelheid\b0\par
Met de schuifregelaar Snelheid bepaalt u hoe snel u op het aanwijspookje moet drukken voordat dit wordt beschouwd als 'Drukken om te selecteren'. Pas de schuifregelaar Snelheid aan totdat het pookje naar wens reageert. Als het pookje niet reageert, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Snel\b0 . Als het pookje te vaak reageert, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Langzaam\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Aanraakgevoeligheid\b0\par
Met de gevoeligheidsinstellingen bepaalt u hoeveel druk u moet uitoefenen op het aanwijspookje om de aanwijzer met een bepaalde snelheid te verplaatsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Haalbeweging met drie vingers\b0\par
De haalbeweging met drie vingers verbetert de navigatie in diverse toepassingen. U kunt de haalbeweging met drie vingers gebruiken om te surfen op internet of om te bladeren tussen foto's in het venster van een fotoviewer. U kunt de haalbeweging met drie vingers ook gebruiken om de diamodus van de fotoviewer te starten of te sluiten. Schakel dit selectievakje in als u het gebruik van de haalbeweging met drie vingers voor navigatie en diashows wilt inschakelen.\par
\par
Bekijk de video om te leren hoe u de haalbeweging met drie vingers uitvoert. Zorg dat uw vingers iets uit elkaar staan wanneer u deze beweging uitvoert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Horizontale haalbeweging met drie vingers\par
Schuif uw vingers naar rechts of naar links om vooruit of achteruit te bladeren in een fotoviewer of webbrowser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Verticale haalbeweging met drie vingers\par
Schuif uw vingers naar boven om de diavoorstellingsmodus te starten. Schuif uw vingers naar beneden om de diavoorstellingsmodus af te sluiten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Gebruik de schuifregelaar om de snelheid van EdgeMotion\'99 aan te passen. Als u de snelheid wilt verhogen, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Snel\b0 . Als u de snelheid wilt verlagen, verplaatst u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Langzaam\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
Als Trage beweging is ingeschakeld, kunt u in de keuzeiljst een toets selecteren waarmee u dit activeert. U gebruikt Trage beweging door de geselecteerde toets in te drukken terwijl u de aanwijzer beweegt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
Als Beperkte beweging is ingeschakeld, kunt u in de keuzeiljst een toets selecteren waarmee u dit activeert. U gebruikt Beperkte beweging door de geselecteerde toets in te drukken terwijl u de aanwijzer beweegt. De aanvankelijke richting van de aanwijzer bepaalt de toegestane bewegingsrichting zolang uw vinger contact maakt met het TouchPad\'99.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Afdekbeweging\b0\par
Met deze beweging maakt u het bureaublad leeg doordat alle opende vensters worden geminimaliseerd. U herstelt de vensters door deze beweging te herhalen.\par
\par
U gebruikt de afdekbeweging als volgt:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Leg uw vingers plat op het TouchPad\'99, zodat het grootste deel ervan wordt bedekt.\par
2.\tab Houd uw vingers stil totdat alle vensters op het bureaublad zijn geminimaliseerd of hersteld.\par
3.\tab Haal uw vingers van het TouchPad\'99.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Intelligente controle-instellingen kunnen ongewenst gedrag van het TouchPad helpen voorkomen. Klik op elke functie voor meer informatie.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
U kunt overal op het ClickPad drukken om klikken met een primaire, secundaire of middelste knop na te bootsen.\par
\par
Standaard drukt u met \'e9\'e9n vinger om klikken met de primaire knop na te bootsen. Druk met twee vingers om klikken met de secundaire knop na te bootsen. Druk met drie vingers om klikken met de middelste knop na te bootsen. Selecteer \b Klikken met twee vingers\b0  en \b Klikken met drie vingers\b0  om deze naar wens te configureren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Als u wilt klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger, drukt u met \'e9\'e9n vinger op het ClickPad-oppervlak totdat u voelt dat dit wordt ingedrukt. Klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger komt overeen met klikken met de primaire (linker)muisknop.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
Bij klikken met \'e9\'e9n vinger in de rechterbenedenhoek van het CickPad wordt standaard dezelfde actie uitgevoerd als bij kilkken met de secundaire (rechter)muisknop.\par
\par
De actie die wordt uitgevoerd als u met \'e9\'e9n vinger in de hoek klikt, kan worden geconfigureerd. Als u een andere actie wilt selecteren, selecteert u de actie in de lijst.\par
\par
Sommige acties vereisen dat u aanvullende instellingen selecteert. Als meer informatie is vereist, komt de knop \b Configureren\b0  beschikbaar of verschijnt er een dialoogvenster.\par
\par
U kunt op elk moment op de knop \b Configureren\b0  klikken om uw instellingen te bekijken of te wijzigen.\par
\par
In een linkshandige configuratie klikt u op de linkerbenedenhoek van het ClickPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Gebruik de schuifregelaar als u de afstand voor vrijloopscrollen wilt aanpassen. Als u over een grotere afstand wilt scrollen, verschuift u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Max\b0 . Als u over een kleinere afstand wilt scrollen, verschuift u de schuifregelaar in de richting van \b Min\b0 . Als de schuifregelaar niet kan worden verplaatst, controleert u of 'Vrijloopscrollen inschakelen' is geselecteerd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Scrollen met \'e9\'e9n vinger\b0\par
U kunt verticaal scrollen.\par
\par
Klik op het venster of item waarin u wilt scrollen en schuif uw vinger rechts in het TouchPad naar boven of beneden om verticaal te scrollen.\par
\par
Als het scrollen niet wordt uitgevoerd, controleert u of het betreffende selectievakje is ingeschakeld en of u wel kunt scrollen in het venster of item waarop u hebt geklikt. Als u dan nog problemen hebt, controleert u de instellingen voor \b Scrolgebied\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x0414\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0509200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1110200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0221201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Hjelpemne ikke definert\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
I dette vinduet av typen \b Egenskaper\b0  kan du tilpasse innstillinger for pekeenheten. Bruk menytreet til venstre for \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til tilpasningsfunksjonene.\par
\par
\b Bruke vinduet Egenskaper\b0\par
Klikk p\'e5 en funksjon i menytreet for \'e5 \'e5pne en innstillingsside for den aktuelle funksjonen. Noen av funksjonene har flere innstillingssider. Klikk p\'e5 \b +\b0  (plusstegnet) ved siden av en funksjon for \'e5 se alle de relaterte sidene. Innstillingen vil vises i vinduet til h\'f8yre for menytreet. Informasjon om disse alternativene og instruksjoner om hvordan du endrer dem, vil vises her i denne informasjonsboksen. Du kan ogs\'e5 benytte rullefeltet til \'e5 f\'e5 fram innholdet i informasjonsboksen.\par
\par
\b Knappen Standardinnstillinger\b0\par
Knappen \b Standardinnstillinger\b0  tilbakestiller alle innstillinger p\'e5 den aktive siden til de fabrikkinnstilte verdiene.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK\b0\par
Knappen \b OK\b0  lagrer endringene og lukker vinduet Egenskaper.\par
\par
\b Knappen Avbryt\b0\par
Knappen \b Avbryt\b0  lukker vinduet Egenskaper uten \'e5 lagre eventuelle endringer, og g\'e5r tilbake til alle de gamle innstillingene.\par
\par
\b Knappen Bruk\b0\par
Knappen \b Bruk\b0  lagrer endringene du har foretatt, men beholder vinduet Egenskaper \'e5pent, slik at du kan foreta flere endringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
N\'e5r du merker av for \b Aktiver knapper\b0 , blir \rdblquote museknappene\rdblquote  for denne pekeenheten aktivert. Du konfigurerer handlingen som blir utf\'f8rt n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en knapp, ved \'e5 velge navnet p\'e5 knappen i menytreet. Den h\'f8yre knappen kan for eksempel defineres til \'e5 \rdblquote g\'e5 til en web-side i standardleseren\rdblquote . Hver gang du klikker med den h\'f8yre knappen p\'e5 pekeenheten, vil den angitte siden bli \'e5pnet og lastet automatisk gjennom web-leseren.\par
\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av for \b Aktiver knapper\b0 , er knappene deaktivert, og de har ingen funksjon n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 dem. Den eneste m\'e5ten \'e5 klikke med pekeenheten p\'e5 er \'e5 trykke kort p\'e5 styreplaten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Rull objekt under peker\b0\par
Rull objekt under peker fors\'f8ker alltid \'e5 rulle vinduet for det aktive programmet som er under pekeren. Hvis pekeren ikke er over det aktive programmet, rulles det ikke i det hele tatt.\par
Hvis for eksempel Windows Explorer er aktivt: Hvis pekeren er over vinduet til venstre, rulles treoversikten som viser katalogstrukturen, hvis den er over h\'f8yre vindu, rulles listen. N\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 et annet program, rulles det ikke i Windows Explorer selv om pekeren er over et av vinduene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
Velg en handling i listeboksen ovenfor for \'e5 knytte handlingen til den valgte knappen. Handlingen du har valgt, blir utf\'f8rt hver gang du trykker p\'e5 denne knappen.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke kan velge en handling i listen, m\'e5 du kontrollere at knappene er aktivert. Slik aktiverer du knappene:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b Knapper\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver knapper\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg knappene i menytreet under \b Knapper\b0  for \'e5 komme tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Denne knappen \'e5pner en konfigurasjonsdialogboks som har tilknytning til handlingen du valgte i listeboksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
Velger du funksjonen \b Trykk for \'e5 velge,\b0  kan du bruke trykkebevegelser til \'e5 klikke med \ldblquote musen\rdblquote .\par
\par
N\'e5r du trykker kort, eller trykker og holder p\'e5 enden av pekepinnen, er dette det samme som et klikk med den venstre museknappen. Det kan imidlertid v\'e6re raskere og mer hensiktsmessig \'e5 trykke kort eller trykke og holde enn \'e5 bruke museknappen.\par
\par
\rdblquote Korte trykk\rdblquote  betyr \'e5 sl\'e5 raskt p\'e5 og deretter slippe opp fingeren fra enden av pekepinnen. Et lett, raskt trykk fungerer best. Harde eller langsomme trykk er mindre effektivt. Trykk \'e9n gang for ett enkeltklikk, eller to ganger i rask rekkef\'f8lge for dobbeltklikk.\par
\par
\rdblquote Trykke ned\rdblquote  betyr \'e5 trykke raskt ned p\'e5 enden av pekepinnen med fingeren. Et lett, raskt trykk fungerer best. Trykk rett ned for \'e5 etterligne klikk og hold med museknappen. Trykk rett ned og deretter ut mot siden for \'e5 klikke og dra i en retning. Slipp opp fingeren n\'e5r du vil slippe opp museknappen.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver Trykk for \'e5 velge\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen.\par
\par
De fysiske knappene kan ogs\'e5 brukes til \'e5 klikke med. Hvis du opphever merkingen av denne boksen, tilsvarer de fysiske knappene den eneste m\'e5ten \'e5 klikke p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Dette menytreet inneholder en liste over alternativene for pekeenheten. Hvis du vil konfigurere et alternativ, klikker du p\'e5 den aktuelle oppf\'f8ringen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
P\'e5 innstillingssiden for \b Pekerbevegelse\b0  kan du angi hvordan \ldblquote musepekeren\rdblquote  p\'e5 skjermen skal bevege seg n\'e5r du foretar pekehandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
Velger du funksjonen \b Begrenset bevegelse,\b0  kan du tvinge pekeren til \'e5 bevege seg bare horisontalt eller vertikalt p\'e5 skjermen. Denne funksjonen er f\'f8rst og fremst nyttig ved bruk av tegneprogrammer. Du kan aktivere Begrenset bevegelse ved \'e5 trykke p\'e5 og holde en bestemt tast nede mens du flytter pekeren. N\'e5r denne tasten holdes nede, avgj\'f8r den f\'f8rste bevegelsen du utf\'f8rer med pekeren hvilken retning den skal bevege seg s\'e5 lenge du holder fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Slik aktiverer du funksjonen Begrenset bevegelse:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver\b0  \b Begrenset bevegelse\b0  for \'e5 aktivere alternativene i listeboksen.\par
2.\tab Velg en tast i listeboksen for \'e5 aktivere Begrenset bevegelse.\par
3.\tab Trykk p\'e5 og hold den valgte tasten nede hver gang du vil begrense pekerbevegelsen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge betyr venstreklikk\b0\par
Dette alternativet foretar et venstreklikk med musen n\'e5r du trykker kort eller trykker ned p\'e5 pekepinnen. Et h\'f8yreklikk med musen er den vanligste m\'e5ten \'e5 \'e5pne en hurtigmeny p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Disse tastene kan brukes til \'e5 aktivere modusen Begrenset bevegelse. Velg en tast ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 oppf\'f8ringen i listeboksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 er utviklet for \'e5 gj\'f8re det lettere \'e5 utf\'f8re lange pekerbevegelser. N\'e5r fingeren kommer ut i kanten av TouchPad, fortsetter pekeren \'e5 bevege seg i samme retning til du l\'f8fter opp fingeren.\par
Velg ett av alternativene for EdgeMotion.\par
Funksjonen Virtuell rulling h\'e5ndterer ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion. Velg \b Lang rulling\b0  under \b Virtuell rulling\b0  i menytreet for \'e5 kontrollere EdgeMotion under rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion bare n\'e5r du drar\b0\par
N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, vises EdgeMotion bare under en trykk og dra-bevegelse. EdgeMotion vises ikke under en vanlig pekerbevegelse. Trykking m\'e5 v\'e6re aktivert for at denne funksjonen skal fungere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion n\'e5r du drar og peker\b0\par
N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, blir EdgeMotion aktivert hver gang fingeren kommer ut i kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Ingen EdgeMotion \b0\par
Hvis du skal flytte pekeren en lengre strekning uten EdgeMotion, m\'e5 du foreta gjentatte fingerstr\'f8k p\'e5 platen eller \'f8ke hastigheten for pekerbevegelse i Kontrollpanel for mus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
Ved \'e5 merke av for \b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0 , kan du konfigurere hvert av de fire hj\'f8rnene p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten til \'e5 fungere som forskjellige knapper n\'e5r du trykker i dem. Disse hj\'f8rneomr\'e5dene kalles \b Trykkesoner\b0 .\par
\par
N\'e5r du trykker midt p\'e5 TouchPad, betyr dette alltid et venstreklikk.\par
\par
Hvis du opphever merkingen av \b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0 , blir det utf\'f8rt et venstreklikk samme hvor du trykker p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Det kan knyttes en rekke handlinger til trykkesonene.\par
\par
Slik aktivererer du trykkesoner:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Kontroller at det er merket av for \b Aktiver trykk\b0  p\'e5 siden \b Trykking\b0 .\par
2.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0  ovenfor.\par
3.\tab Velg navnet p\'e5 en trykkesone i menytreet for \'e5 knytte en handling til den aktuelle sonen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
Velg en handling for korte trykk i sonen nederst til venstre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel merker \b Midtklikk\b0 , vil et kort trykk nederst i venstre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad-flaten utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som et midtklikk. Velg \b Ingen sone\b0  for \'e5 deaktivere denne \b trykkesonen\b0  (korte trykk i denne sonen vil da fungere som et venstreklikk p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som for resten av platen).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
Velg en handling for korte trykk i sonen \'f8verst til venstre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Midtklikk\b0 , vil et kort trykk \'f8verst i venstre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad-flaten utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som et midtklikk. Velg \b Ingen sone\b0  for \'e5 deaktivere denne \b trykkesonen\b0  (korte trykk i denne sonen vil da fungere som et venstreklikk p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som for resten av platen).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
Velg en handling for korte trykk i sonen \'f8verst til h\'f8yre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0 , vil et kort trykk \'f8verst i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad-flaten utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som \'e5 trykke med den h\'f8yre museknappen eller TouchPad-knappen. Velg \b Ingen sone\b0  for \'e5 deaktivere denne \b trykkesonen\b0  (korte trykk i denne sonen vil da fungere som et venstreklikk p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som for resten av platen).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
Velg en handling for korte trykk i sonen nederst til h\'f8yre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0 , vil et kort trykk nederst i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad-flaten utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som \'e5 trykke med den h\'f8yre museknappen eller TouchPad-knappen. Velg \b Ingen sone\b0  for \'e5 deaktivere denne \b trykkesonen\b0  (korte trykk i denne sonen vil da fungere som et venstreklikk p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som for resten av platen).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Trykk p\'e5 denne knappen for \'e5 \'e5pne dialogboksen Egenskaper for den aktuelle handlingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor forestiller overflaten av TouchPad. Det skraverte omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet viser de aktive omr\'e5dene for trykkesone p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du setter fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, blir fingerens posisjon angitt med piler langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt trykkesoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, blir det tilsvarende trykkesoneomr\'e5det i diagrammet ensfarget. Du kan lage omr\'e5dene for trykkesone st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i \'e9n av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i hj\'f8rnene av de skraverte omr\'e5dene.\par
\par
Hvis du har vanskeligheter med \'e5 utf\'f8re en trykkesonehandling, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage trykkesoneomr\'e5det st\'f8rre. Hvis trykkesonehandlingen utf\'f8res for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage trykkesoneomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis trykkesonene er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, m\'e5 du kontrollere at \b Trykking\b0  og \b Trykkesoner\b0  er merket.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
I denne delen kan du tilpasse TouchPad-knappene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Standardverdier\b0\par
Denne innstillingen tilbakestiller alle innstillingene p\'e5 denne siden til standardverdiene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurere hastigheten for EdgeMotion til \'e5 v\'e6re trykksensitiv eller fast.\par
\par
\b Kontroller hastighet med fingertrykk\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil at EdgeMotion-hastigheten skal \'f8ke desto hardere du trykker med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
\b Fast hastighet\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil at EdgeMotion-hastigheten skal v\'e6re konstant.\par
\par
\b Juster EdgeMotion-hastighet\b0\par
Glidebryteren styrer hastigheten til EdgeMotion n\'e5r du velger alternativet \b Fast hastighet\b0 . Du kan velge EdgeMotion-hastigheten ved \'e5 justere glidebryteren mellom \b Langsom\b0  og \b Hurtig\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis kontrollene p\'e5 denne siden er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, m\'e5 du kontrollere at EdgeMotion er aktivert. Slik aktiverer du EdgeMotion:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b EdgeMotion\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Velg ett av alternativene under \b Aktiver EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg \b EdgeMotion-hastighet\b0  i menytreet for \'e5 komme tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av i denne boksen, blir EdgeMotion-hastigheten bestemt p\'e5 grunnlag av hvor hardt du trykker med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av i denne boksen, beveger pekeren seg i den hastigheten som er angitt med glidebryteren, n\'e5r fingeren er i EdgMotion-omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Merk av i denne boksen for konstant EdgeMotion-hastighet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
N\'e5r du trykker kort p\'e5 overflaten av TouchPad, tilsvarer dette et klikk med den venstre \rdblquote museknappen\rdblquote . Det kan imidlertid v\'e6re raskere og mer hensiktsmessig med et kort trykk enn \'e5 bruke museknappen.\par
\par
\rdblquote Korte trykk\rdblquote  betyr \'e5 trykke raskt og deretter l\'f8fte fingeren fra TouchPad-flaten. Et lett, raskt trykk fungerer best. Harde eller langsomme trykk er mindre effektivt. Trykk kort \'e9n gang for et enkeltklikk, eller to ganger i rask rekkef\'f8lge for dobbeltklikk.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver Trykk for \'e5 velge\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen. TouchPad-knappene kan ogs\'e5 brukes til \'e5 klikke med. Hvis du opphever merkingen av denne boksen, er TouchPad-knappene den eneste m\'e5ten \'e5 klikke p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Innf\'f8ring i virtuell rulling\b0\par
Denne enkle labyrinten er et hjelpemiddel for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du bruker funksjonen Virtuell rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av for \b Trykk for \'e5 klikke\b0 , m\'e5 du trykke p\'e5 de faktiske TouchPad-knappene for \'e5 utf\'f8re klikk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Trykk igjen og hold for \'e5 dra\b0\par
Merk av i denne boksen for \'e5 dra objekter og merkede omr\'e5der ved \'e5 trykke kort p\'e5 TouchPad. Trykk kort to ganger p\'e5 objektet og la fingeren v\'e6re igjen p\'e5 TouchPad n\'e5r du trykker for annen gang. Flytt det merkede objektet ved \'e5 dra fingeren over TouchPad-flaten, og l\'f8ft fingeren for \'e5 slippe objektet. Denne handlingen gir samme resultat som n\'e5r du trykker med en museknapp, flytter musen og slipper opp museknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b L\'e5s og dra \b0\par
Funksjonen \b L\'e5s og dra\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 dra objekter lange strekninger p\'e5 tvers av skjermen ved hjelp av flere fingerstr\'f8k. N\'e5r \b L\'e5s og dra\b0  er valgt, fortsetter en dra-handling etter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren fra TouchPad. Trykk p\'e5 TouchPad igjen, eller klikk p\'e5 en knapp for \'e5 slippe objektet og avslutte dra-handlingen. Hvis du vil bruke \b L\'e5s og dra\b0 , m\'e5 funksjonene \b Trykking\b0  og \b Trykk igjen og hold for \'e5 dra\b0  ogs\'e5 v\'e6re valgt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 hindrer aktivitet med TouchPad ved utilsiktet kontakt. PalmCheck fungerer slik at TouchPad registrerer n\'e5r h\'e5ndflaten hviler p\'e5 den eller sveiper over overflaten mens du skriver. Dette hindrer u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser eller klikk.\par
\par
Hvis det forekommer u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser eller klikk som skyldes TouchPad, \'f8ker du PalmCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 skyve glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Maksimum\b0 . Hvis bevegelser eller trykk uteblir, reduserer du PalmCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 skyve glidebryteren til venstre mot\b  Minimum\b0 . Sannsynligheten for at bevegelser eller trykk ikke blir utf\'f8rt, er st\'f8rre hvis glidebryteren befinner seg i den r\'f8de sonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Glidebryteren \b Trykkesensitivitet\b0  styrer hvor mye fingertrykk du m\'e5 bruke f\'f8r TouchPad reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis pekerbevegelsene eller klikk med pekeren er uregelmessige, m\'e5 du redusere sensitiviteten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Hardt trykk\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du m\'e5 trykke for hardt for \'e5 bruke TouchPad, eller hvis TouchPad ikke alltid fungerer n\'e5r du trykker, m\'e5 du \'f8ke sensitiviteten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til vensre mot \b Lett trykk\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Rull merket objekt \b0\par
Rull merket objekt fors\'f8ker alltid \'e5 rulle et bestemt vindu for programmet som er aktivt. Selv om pekeren ikke er over det aktive programmet, rulles vinduet som er aktivt.\par
Hvis du for eksempel er i Windows Explorer: N\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 vinduet til venstre og ruller, uavhengig av hvor pekeren er, rulles treoversikten som viser katalogstrukturen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver EdgeMotion ved rulling\b0  hvis du vil at rullingen skal fortsette etter at fingeren kommer til kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge betyr h\'f8yreklikk\b0\par
Dette alternativet foretar et h\'f8ytreklikk med musen n\'e5r du trykker kort eller trykker ned p\'e5 pekepinnen. Et h\'f8yreklikk med musen brukes vanligvis til \'e5 \'e5pne en hurtigmeny.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Vandring\b0  er et nyttig hjelpemiddel for \'e5 rulle lett gjennom lange dokumenter. Den virtuelle rullingen fortsetter etter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren fra TouchPad hvis du velger funksjonen Vandring. Flytt og l\'f8ft fingeren med \'e9n jevn bevegelse for \'e5 aktivere vandring. Du stopper vandrebevegelsen ved \'e5 plassere fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten igjen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet for \'e5 aktivere virtuell rulling horisontalt i vinduer med horisontale rullefelt. Det aktive vinduet eller objektet rulles horisontalt hvis du drar fingeren fram og tilbake langs den nedre kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet for \'e5 aktivere virtuell rulling vertikalt. Det merkede vinduet eller objektet rulles vertikalt hvis du drar fingeren opp og ned langs den h\'f8yre kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor forestiller overflaten av TouchPad. Det skraverte omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet viser de aktive omr\'e5dene for virtuell rulling p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du setter fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, vises piler langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet for \'e5 angi fingerens posisjon. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt omr\'e5de av TouchPad for virtuell rulling, blir det tilsvarende omr\'e5det for virtuell rulling p\'e5 diagrammet ensfarget. Du kan lage omr\'e5dene for virtuell rulling st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i \'e9n av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i kantene av det skraverte omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du har vanskeligheter med \'e5 aktivere virtuell rulling, kan du lage omr\'e5det for virtuell rulling st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene i det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis du synes at virtuell rulling aktiveres for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage omr\'e5det for virtuell rulling mindre.\par
\par
Hvis omr\'e5dene for virtuell rulling er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, m\'e5 du kontrollere at funksjonen Virtuell rulling er aktivert. Slik aktiverer du Virtuell rulling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b Virtuell rulling\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver rulling\b0  i de aktuelle avmerkingsboksene.\par
3.\tab Velg \b Rulleomr\'e5de\b0  i menytreet for \'e5 komme tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Knappen \'d8velse\b0\par
Velg knappen \b\'d8velse\b0  for \'e5 kj\'f8re l\'e6reprogrammet for \b Virtuell rulling\b0 . Denne enkle labyrinten er et hjelpemiddel for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du bruker funksjonen Virtuell rulling.\par
\par
MERK: Kontroller at det er merket av for \b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0  og \b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0 .\par
\par
Studer labyrinten f\'f8r du begynner \'e5 lete etter start- og sluttpunktene. Du kan ikke se hele labyrinten fordi den er st\'f8rre enn vinduet den vises i. Bruk funksjonen Virtuell rulling til \'e5 flytte synsfeltet til labyrinten i vinduet. Hold Ctrl-tasten nede og bruk Virtuell rulling til \'e5 gj\'f8re labyrinten st\'f8rre eller mindre.\par
\par
En gul prikk \'f8verst i venstre hj\'f8rne av labyrinten angir \'e5pningen til labyrinten. En bl\'e5 prikk p\'e5 h\'f8yre side av labyrinten angir utgangen.\par
\par
Slik starter du:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klikk p\'e5 den r\'f8de firkanten i den gule prikken for \'e5 starte.\par
2.\tab Bruk piltastene eller trykk kort p\'e5 TouchPad for \'e5 navigere gjennom labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Bruk funksjonen Virtuell rulling for \'e5 flytte synsfeltet til labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Klikk p\'e5 lukkeknappen p\'e5 vinduet \'d8velse i virtuell rulling etter at du kommer til den bl\'e5 prikken i nedre h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Du kontrollerer hastigheten for \b Virtuell rulling\b0  med glidebryteren. Dra glidebryteren mot h\'f8yre for raskere rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Bruk dette feltet til \'e5 tilpasse pekerbevegelsen. Velg hjelp til spesielle omr\'e5der hvis du vil vite mer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge og dra\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil utf\'f8re handlingen velg og dra ved \'e5 trykke ned og holde, og et kort trykk hvis du bare skal merke et omr\'e5de.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
Velger du funksjonen \b Langsom bevegelse,\b0  kan du redusere hastigheten til pekeren for \'e5 oppn\'e5 st\'f8rre n\'f8yaktighet med pekeren for finjustert plassering. Du kan aktivere Langsom bevegelse ved \'e5 trykke p\'e5 og holde en bestemt tast nede samtidig som du flytter pekeren.\par
\par
Slik aktiverer du funksjonen Langsom bevegelse:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver\b0  \b langsom bevegelse\b0  for \'e5 aktivere alternativene i listeboksen.\par
2.\tab Velg en tast i listeboksen for \'e5 aktivere Langsom bevegelse.\par
3.\tab Trykk p\'e5 og hold den valgte tasten nede for \'e5 oppn\'e5 langsom bevegelse.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Med denne funksjonen flyttes pekeren til standardknappen n\'e5r en dialogboks vises p\'e5 skjermen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Noen ganger vil du kanskje begrense pekeren, slik at den bare kan flyttes horisontalt eller vertikalt. Du kan angi en tast for begrenset pekerbevegelse og deretter trykke p\'e5 og holde denne tasten nede mens du flytter pekeren. Den f\'f8rste pekerretningen du angir n\'e5r du holder denne tasten nede, avgj\'f8r om pekeren er begrenset til bare \'e5 flyttes horisontalt eller vertikalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
Hvis du velger alternativet \b Hurtig\b0  som oppdateringsfrekvens for pekeren, gir dette vanligvis en sv\'e6rt jevn pekerbevegelse. Hvis pekeren er ujevn eller flimrer p\'e5 skjermen, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 velge \b Langsom\b0  som oppdateringsfrekvens for pekeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Du konfigurerer TouchPad p\'e5 egenskapssidene for Synaptics TouchPad. Disse sidene finner du i Kontrollpanel for mus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Klikk her for \'e5 kj\'f8re Internett-leseren og g\'e5 direkte til denne koblingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panorering betyr \'e5 rulle kontinuerlig. Du kan panorere horisontalt, vertikalt eller diagonalt i begge retninger!\par
\par
Legg merke til at panorering bare fungerer i programmer som st\'f8tter Microsoft Intellimous, og at mange av disse programmene begrenser retningen du kan panorere i. (I Microsoft Word kan du for eksempel bare panorere vertikalt, mens i Microsoft Excel kan du panorere vertikalt, men ikke diagonalt.)\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zooming betyr \'e5 endre forst\'f8rrelsen av dokumentet. Zoom inn for \'e5 forst\'f8rre, og zoom ut for \'e5 forminske.\par
\par
V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at zooming bare fungerer i programmer som st\'f8tter Microsoft Intellimouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Denne handlingen flytter pekeren automatisk til Start-knappen i oppgavelinjen, og \'e5pner Start-menyen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b G\'e5 til menyen i det aktive vinduet\b0\par
Denne handlingen flytter pekeren automatisk til oppf\'f8ringen lengst til venstre i menyen til det aktive vinduet (vanligvis \rdblquote Fil\rdblquote -menyen), og \'e5pner den.\par
Det er mulig at denne funksjonen ikke fungerer i noen vinduer som ikke har standardmenyer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Denne handlingen forminsker det aktive vinduet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Denne handlingen forst\'f8rrer det aktive vinduet, slik at det dekker hele skjermen. Hvis det aktive vinduet allerede er maksimert, gjenoppretter denne handlingen vinduet til opprinnelig st\'f8rrelse og plassering.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Denne handlingen gjenoppretter et minimert eller maksimert vindu til opprinnelig st\'f8rrelse og plassering.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Denne handlingen kj\'f8rer automatisk et program du angir. Etter at du har valgt denne handlingen, kan du velge programmet du vil kj\'f8re ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 knappen Egenskaper ved siden av en kombinasjonsboks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Denne handlingen gj\'f8r at du kan bruke hele TouchPad-flaten til \'e5 styre virtuell rulling\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . N\'e5r du vil gjenoppta vanlig bruk av TouchPad, utf\'f8rer du bare den tilknyttede gestusen \'e9n gang til.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
N\'e5r du utf\'f8rer denne handlingen, kommer du tilbake til den forrige siden i leserens loggbuffer hvis det aktive programmet er en web-leser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
N\'e5r du utf\'f8rer denne handlingen, kommer du til den neste siden i leserens loggbuffer hvis det aktive programmet er en web-leser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Denne handlingen starter den vanlige web-leseren og g\'e5r til en web-side. Etter at du har valgt denne handlingen, kan du velge hvilken web-side du vil bes\'f8ke ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 knappen Egenskaper ved siden av en kombinasjonsboks.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
N\'e5r du utf\'f8rer denne handlingen, blir den aktive web-siden lastet inn p\'e5 nytt fra kilden hvis det aktive programmet er en web-leser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
N\'e5r du velger denne handlingen, stopper leseren innlastingen av den aktive web-siden hvis det aktive programmet er en web-leser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
En \b to-fingergestus\b0  er det samme som \'e5 plassere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten og bevege dem i en bestemt retning. TouchPad kan registrere slike bevegelser i hvert av de \'e5tte kompasspunktene. P\'e5 denne siden kan du tilpasse handlingen som TouchPad skal utf\'f8re n\'e5r det blir registrert en \b gestus\b0 .\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver\b0  for \'e5 aktivere en \b gestusbehandling\b0 . Velg deretter en handling p\'e5 rullegardinlisten for hver \b gestus\b0 -retning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  \'f8verst i det venstre omr\'e5det av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil slike gester utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i det \'f8vre omr\'e5det av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i omr\'e5det \'f8verst til venstre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i omr\'e5det til venstre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i omr\'e5det nederst til h\'f8yre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i omr\'e5det nederst p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i omr\'e5det nederst til venstre p\'e5 TouchPadTouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
Velg den handlingen som skal utf\'f8res ved bruk av \b to-fingergester\b0  i omr\'e5det til venstre p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Hvis du for eksempel velger \b Trykk p\'e5 PgUp-tasten\b0 , vil en slik gestus utf\'f8re den samme handlingen som n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 PgUp-tasten p\'e5 tastaturet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Spille inn og avspille en tastaturmakro\b0\par
\par
N\'e5r du utf\'f8rer denne handlingen, avspilles en forh\'e5ndsinnspilt tastetrykksekvens. Etter at du har valgt denne handlingen, kan du spille inn tastetrykksekvensene som skal avspilles.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Innspillingsdialogboks for tastaturmakro\b0\par
I denne dialogboksen kan du spille inn en tastetrykksekvens og deretter avspille den. Disse innspilte tastetrykksekvensene kalles ofte \i tastaturmakroer\i0 .\par
\par
Trykk p\'e5 \b Start\b0 -knappen for \'e5 begynne innspillingen av en makro. \b Stopp\b0 -knappen vil da bli aktivert, og \b Start\b0 -knappen deaktivert, noe som angir at innspilling p\'e5g\'e5r. Siden alle tastetrykk blir deaktivert under innspillingen, kan du bare avslutte innspillingsmodusen ved \'e5 trykke p\'e5 Stopp-knappen med musen.\par
\par
N\'e5r innspilling ikke p\'e5g\'e5r, kan du bruke \b Slett\b0 -knappen til \'e5 t\'f8mme bufferen for innspilte tastetrykk. Denne knappen fungerer som tilbaketast under innspilling. N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 \b Tilbake\b0 -knappen, fjernes den siste oppf\'f8ringen fra bufferen for innspilte tastetrykk. V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at du m\'e5 bruke musen til \'e5 trykke p\'e5 \b Tilbake\b0 -knappen under innspilling.\par
\par
Etter hvert som tastetrykkene blir spilt inn, vises de ogs\'e5 i tekstvinduet til innspillingsdialogboksen. Alfabet-, tall og tegntastene vises i tekstvinduet p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som i et trykt dokument. Ikke-utskrivbare taster gjengis i tekstvinduet med mnemoniske koder i klammer.\par
\par
De fleste taster plasseres bare i tekstvinduet n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 dem, slik at det er lettere \'e5 lese tekstvinduet. Modustastene (for eksempel \b Skift\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  og \b Alt\b0 ) angis imidlertid i tekstvinduet b\'e5de n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 dem og slipper dem opp. Dermed er det mulig \'e5 finne fram til endringer i tastaturmodusen ved \'e5 \rdblquote lese\rdblquote  tekstvinduet.\par
\par
V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at tekstvinduet ikke kan redigeres direkte. Det er for eksempel ikke mulig \'e5 sette inn en tast midt i en sekvens som er innspilt tidligere. Hvis du skal gj\'f8re det, m\'e5 du slette bufferen og spille inn de aktuelle tastetrykksekvensene p\'e5 nytt.\par
\par
N\'e5r innspillingen er fullf\'f8rt, velger du \b OK\b0  for \'e5 lagre, eller \b Avbryt\b0  for \'e5 forkaste det du har innspilt. Du avslutter dialogboksen ved \'e5 trykke p\'e5 en tast.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
Velg en handling for denne TouchPad-knappen. Du kan tilpasse knappen, slik at den utf\'f8rer \'e9n av handlingene i rullegardinlisten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Justerer tiden mellom klikk og dobbeltklikk med den prim\'e6re museknappen. Hvis du ikke har erfaring med \'e5 bruke mus, kan det v\'e6re lettere \'e5 dobbeltklikke hvis du drar glidebryteren mot langsom. Du kan pr\'f8ve hastigheten for \'e5 dobbeltklikke ved \'e5 dobbeltklikke p\'e5 bildet i pr\'f8veomr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
Gir en plass der du kan pr\'f8ve hastigheten for dobbeltklikking med musen. Hvis trollet i esken spretter opp eller forsvinner, er dobbeltklikket innspilt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
Justerer hastigheten som pekeren skal bevege seg over skjermen med.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Angir hvor raskt musepekeren akselererer til maksimal hastighet. Akselerering f\'e5r musepekeren til \'e5 bevege seg lenger n\'e5r du beveger musen raskt. Ingen akselerering f\'e5r musepekeren til \'e5 bevege seg med samme hastighet som musen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
Tilf\'f8yer en hale til musepekeren, noe som gj\'f8r det lettere \'e5 se den p\'e5 LCD-skjermer (Liquid Crystal Display). Dra glidebryteren for \'e5 endre lengden av halen til pekeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Merk av her for \'e5 aktivere funksjonen Universal rulling. Velg innstillingsknappen for \'e5 konfigurere rullefunksjonene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Velg denne knappen for \'e5 konfigurere rullefunksjonene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Velg denne knappen for \'e5 konfigurere funksjonene for to-fingergester.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Velg denne knappen for \'e5 konfigurere funksjonene for tre-fingergester.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Velg denne knappen for \'e5 konfigurere funksjonene for trykkesone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Velg denne knappen for \'e5 konfigurere EdgeMotion-funksjonene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
N\'e5r alternativet \b Deaktiver enhet\b0  er valgt, vil den aktuelle pekeenheten ikke gi mark\'f8rbevegelse, rulling eller annen funksjonalitet lenger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
En \b to-fingergestus\b0  er det samme som \'e5 plassere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten og bevege dem i en bestemt retning TouchPad kan registrere slike bevegelser i hvert av de \'e5tte kompasspunktene.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver to-fingergester\b0  for \'e5 aktivere \b to-fingergester.\b0  Klikk deretter p\'e5 knappen for \'e5 innstille to fingre for \'e5 tilpasse handlingen som TouchPad skal utf\'f8re n\'e5r det blir registrert en \b to-fingergestus\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
En \b tre-fingergestus\b0  er det samme som \'e5 plassere tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten og bevege dem i en bestemt retning. TouchPad kan registrere slike bevegelser i hvert av to kompasspunkter.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver tre-fingergester\b0  for \'e5 aktivere \b tre-fingergester.\b0  Klikk deretter p\'e5 knappen for \'e5 innstille \b tre fingre\b0  for \'e5 tilpasse handlingen som TouchPad skal utf\'f8re n\'e5r det blir registrert en \b tre-fingergestus\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
N\'e5r du plasserer to eller tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten og beveger dem i en bestemt retning, kalles dette en \b fingergestus\b0 . TouchPad kan registrere slike bevegelser i hvert av de \'e5tte kompasspunktene.\par
\par
Du kan aktivere hvilken som helst kombinasjon av gester med bruk av to eller tre fingre. Merk av for \b Aktiver\b0  ved passende alternativ for \'e5 aktivere gestusbehandling. Velg deretter innstillingsknappen for \'e5 tilpasse handlingen som TouchPad skal utf\'f8re n\'e5r det blir registrert en tre-fingergestus p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Dette er et lite kart over TouchPad der det skraverte omr\'e5det angir trykkesonene. Trykkesonene kan lages st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i de svarte skaleringsh\'e5ndtakene. Pilene p\'e5 hver side av diagrammet markerer fingerposisjonen p\'e5 den faktiske TouchPad. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt omr\'e5de for trykkesone p\'e5 TouchPad, blir det tilsvarende omr\'e5det for trykkesone p\'e5 diagrammet ensfarget.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Bare trykk for \'e5 velge\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil trykke kort eller trykke ned p\'e5 pinnen for \'e5 merke et omr\'e5de uten \'e5 dra. Dette tilsvarer ett enkelt klikk med musen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Dette er en liste over alle de tastene som kan aktivere modusen for langsom bevegelse. Velg den aktuelle tasten ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 den tilsvarende oppf\'f8ringen i listeboksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b Juster EdgeMotion-hastighet\b0\par
Glidebryteren styrer hastigheten til EdgeMotion n\'e5r du har valgt alternativet \b Fast hastighet\b0 .\par
Du kan velge EdgeMotion-hastigheten ved \'e5 justere glidebryteren mellom \b Langsom\b0  og \b Hurtig\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
Velg en handling i listeboksen for \'e5 knytte den til denne knappen. Mange handlinger krever ikke ytterligere konfigurasjon. Hvis det imidlertid er n\'f8dvendig med mer informasjon, blir knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktivert, eller en konfigurasjonsdialogboks vil \'e5pnes. Velg knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre konfigurasjonen av handlingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
Velg en handling i listeboksen for \'e5 knytte den til denne trykkesonen. Mange handlinger krever ikke ytterligere konfigurasjon. Hvis det imidlertid er n\'f8dvendig med mer informasjon, blir knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktivert, eller en konfigurasjonsdialogboks vil \'e5pnes. Velg knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre konfigurasjonen av handlingen.\par
\par
Det kan knyttes en rekke handlinger til trykkesoner. Hvis du har et installert et program fra tredjepart for TouchPad, kan ytterligere handlinger v\'e6re tilgjengelige.\par
\par
\ul\b Trykkesonehandlinger\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Hopp til Start-knappen\b0\par
Denne handlingen flytter pekeren direkte til \b Start\b0 -knappen i oppgavelinjen i Windows og \'e5pner \b Start\b0 -menyen automatisk.\par
\par
\b Minimer aktivt program\b0\par
Denne handlingen minimerer det aktive programvinduet. Hvis det aktive programvinduet allerede er minimert, gjenopprettes det til opprinnelig st\'f8rrelse og plassering.\par
\par
\b Maksimer aktivt program\b0\par
Denne handlingen maksimerer det aktive programvinduet (utvider det til \'e5 dekke hele skjermen). Hvis det aktive programvinduet allerede er maksimert, gjenopprettes det til opprinnelig st\'f8rrelse og plassering.\par
\par
\b Kj\'f8r et program\b0\par
Denne handlingen \'e5pner muligheten for \'e5 angi navnet p\'e5 et program du vil kj\'f8re automatisk n\'e5r du klikker med knappen eller trykker i trykkesonen.\par
\par
Hvis alternativene i listeboksen er gr\'e5 og ikke kan velges, m\'e5 du kontrollere at \b Trykking\b0  og \b Trykkesoner\b0  er aktivert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Patentanmeldelser\par
Merket omr\'e5de for rulling\par
Systeminnstillinger\par
Enhetsinnstillinger\par
p\'e5\par
Sperrede kantlinjer\par
Aktiver Sperrede kantlinjer\par
Aktiver EdgeMotion bare n\'e5r du &drar\par
Aktiver EdgeMotion n\'e5r du drar og &peker\par
Ingen EdgeMotion\par
Virtuell rulling\par
Fast hastighet\par
Bare trykk for \'e5 velge\par
Trykk for \'e5 velge dra\par
Trykk for \'e5 velge handling\par
Trykk for \'e5 velge betyr venstreklikk\par
Merk et objekt\par
Knapper\par
Aktiver knapper\par
Trykk og dra\par
Lang rulling\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Trykk og dra\b0  dobler funksjonaliteten til \ldblquote museknappene\rdblquote .\par
\par
\b Trykk igjen og hold for \'e5 dra\b0\par
Merk av i denne boksen for \'e5 dra objekter uten \'e5 trykke p\'e5 muse- eller TouchPad-knappen. Trykk kort to ganger p\'e5 objektet, og hold fingeren nede p\'e5 TouchPad n\'e5r du trykker for annen gang. Flytt det merkede objektet ved \'e5 la fingeren skli over TouchPad-flaten, og l\'f8ft fingeren for \'e5 slippe objektet.\par
\par
\b L\'e5s og dra\b0\par
Velger du funksjonen \b L\'e5s og dra\b0 , kan du dra objekter over lengre avstander p\'e5 skjermen ved hjelp av flere fingerstr\'f8k. N\'e5r funksjonen \b L\'e5s og dra\b0  er merket, fortsetter dra-handlingen etter at du l\'f8fter fingeren fra TouchPad. Trykk p\'e5 TouchPad igjen for \'e5 slippe objektet og slutte \'e5 dra. Funksjonen \b Trykk igjen og hold for \'e5 dra\b0  m\'e5 ogs\'e5 v\'e6re merket for \'e5 kunne bruke \b L\'e5s og dra.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Virtuell rulling\b0  \'e5pner muligheten for \'e5 rulle med en enkelt fingerber\'f8ring. Virtuell rulling driver rullefeltene automatisk, slik at det ikke er n\'f8dvendig \'e5 flytte pekeren bort fra der du arbeider. Virtuell rulling fungerer med de fleste vinduer som kan rulles, for eksempel tekstbehandlingsdokumenter, regneark og store digitale bilder. Det fungerer ogs\'e5 med andre rullbare objekter som fil- og skriftlister. Virtuell rulling s\'f8rger for den enkleste og jevneste rullingen for alle programmer.Klikk p\'e5 vinduet eller objektet du vil rulle, og dra fingeren opp og ned langs den h\'f8yre kanten av TouchPad for \'e5 rulle vertikalt. Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0  eller \b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen.Hvis Virtuell rulling ikke fungerer, m\'e5 du kontrollere at det er merket av for \b Aktiver rulling\b0  i riktig avmerkingsboks, og at det er mulig \'e5 rulle vinduet eller objektet du klikket p\'e5. Kontroller innstillingene for \b Rulleomr\'e5de\b0  hvis du fremdeles har problemer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Med innstillingen for \b Sensitivitet\b0  kan du tilpasse hvordan TouchPad skal fungere n\'e5r du trykker.\par
\par
Merk et objekt i menytreet for \b Sensitivitet\b0  for \'e5 justere innstillingene for Sensitivitet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor forestiller overflaten av TouchPad. Det skraverte omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet viser EdgeMotion-omr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du setter fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, blir fingerens posisjon angitt med piler langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, blir det tilsvarende EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet ensfarget. Du kan lage EdgeMotion-omr\'e5dene st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i \'e9n av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i kantene av det skraverte omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du har vanskeligheter med \'e5 aktivere EdgeMotion, kan du lage EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene i det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis du synes at EdgeMotion aktiveres for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis EdgeMotion- omr\'e5dene er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, m\'e5 du kontrollere at funksjonen EdgeMotion er aktivert. Slik aktiverer du EdgeMotion:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b EdgeMotion\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Velg ett av alternativene for \b Aktiver EdgeMotion\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg \b EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de\b0  i menytreet for \'e5 komme tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Patentanmeldelser\b0\par
Denne programvaren, de tilknyttede enhetene og/eller bruk av tilknyttede enheter er dekket av en eller flere av patentene nedenfor:\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (Europa)\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB];\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (Korea)\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (Singapore)\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (Taiwan)\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (China)\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Hongkong, patentnr.\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (Japan)\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Patentnr. (USA) \b0\par
5,374,787; 5,495,077; 5,543,591; 5,648,642; 5,841,078; 5,861,583; 5,880,411; 5,914,465; 5,943,052; 6,028,271; 6,057,845; 6,188,391; 6,239,389; 6,380,931; 6,414,671; 6,610,936; 6,642,857; 6,750,852; 7,031,886; 7,109,978; 7,129,935; 7,202,859; 7,212,189; 7,382,360; 7,446,754; 7,450,113; 7,451,050; 7,532,205;\par
\par
og andre patenter og patenter som venter p\'e5 godkjenning.\par
\par
\b Varemerker\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, ChiralMotion-logoen, Scrybe-logoen og Synaptics-logoen er varemerker for Synaptics Incorporated, registrert i USA og/eller i andre land. Alle andre produkter, tjenester eller firmanavn som er nevnt her, er varemerker og varemerkenavn for sine respektiver firmaer.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Med enerett.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Sperrede kantlinjer\b0  begrenser pekeren til innsiden av det aktive vinduet. N\'e5r du pr\'f8ver \'e5 flytte pekeren utenfor vinduet, blir den stoppet ved kanten. Hvis du pr\'f8ver en gang til, kan pekeren fritt forlate vinduet.\par
\par
Ved \'e5 stoppe pekeren ved vinduets kantlinjer, er det lettere \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til kontrollene som ligger rundt kantene av vinduet. N\'e5r du for eksempel skal lukke eller skalere et vindu, kan du raskt flytte pekeren i den generelle retningen til lukkeboksen eller vinduskanten. Pekeren vil da stoppe n\'f8yaktig der du vil.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver Sperrede kantlinjer\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
Knappene p\'e5 denne siden styrer hvordan funksjonen Trykk for \'e5 velge fungerer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Rullehastighet\b0\par
Bruk denne glidebryteren til \'e5 styre hvor fort vinduet skal rulle i forhold til fingerbevegelser i omr\'e5det for Virtuell rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Glidebryteren avgj\'f8r hvor raskt du m\'e5 trykke p\'e5 pekepinnen for \'e5 utf\'f8re en handling som tilsvarer et \rdblquote museklikk\rdblquote .\par
\par
Juster til et raskere tempo hvis det forekommer utilsiktede klikk. Juster til et langsommere tempo hvis det er vanskelig \'e5 bruke pekepinnen til \'e5 klikke med.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
Glidebryteren for justering av tempo kan justeres fra \rdblquote Langsom trykking\rdblquote  (venstre) til \rdblquote Hurtig trykking\rdblquote  (h\'f8yre).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Dette styrer hvorvidt et trykk p\'e5 pekepinnen skal fungere som et h\'f8yreklikk (handling for hurtigmeny) i stedet for et venstreklikk (normal merkehandling).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge\b0  styrer funksjonen Trykk for \'e5 velge for pekepinnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Med innstillingen for \b Sensitivitet\b0  kan du tilpasse hvordan pekepinnen skal reagere n\'e5r du trykker.\par
\par
Merk et objekt i menyen \b Sensitivitet\b0  for \'e5 justere innstillingene for Sensitivitet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Glidebryteren \b Trykkesensitivitet\b0  styrer hvor mye fingertrykk du m\'e5 bruke for \'e5 bevege pekeren med en bestemt hastighet. Hvis pekeren beveger seg uregelmessig, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Hardt trykk\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Disse kontrollene, inkludert \'e5 trykke p\'e5 pekepinnen, kan brukes til \'e5 dra objekter p\'e5 skjermen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 denne knappen, \'e5pnes l\'e6reprogrammet for Virtuell rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Her kan du styre hvordan TouchPad skal oppf\'f8re seg med en tilkoblet ekstern PS2-enhet\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
S\'f8rg for at TouchPad og den eksterne PS2-enheten fungerer samtidig.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Deaktiver TouchPad n\'e5r det er tilkoblet en eksterne PS2-enheten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Angir hvor langt en side skal rulle n\'e5r du vrir hjulet ett hakk. Du kan rulle et angitt antall linjer eller et helt skjermbilde.\par
\par
Antallet linjer som utgj\'f8r \rdblquote ett skjermbilde\rdblquote  kan variere, avhengig av st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 vinduet og programmet du bruker. Det er det samme som \'e5 bruke tastene PgUp eller PgDn p\'e5 tastaturet, eller \'e5 klikke i rullefeltet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Klikk for \'e5 angi hvor mange linjer som skal rulles for hvert hakk med hjulet. Du m\'e5 kanskje lukke og \'e5pne programmene p\'e5 nytt for at denne innstillingen skal tre i kraft.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Klikk for \'e5 rulle ett skjermbilde for hvert hakk med hjulet. Du m\'e5 kanskje lukke og \'e5pne programmene p\'e5 nytt for at denne innstillingen skal tre i kraft.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Med disse alternativene kan du angi hvilket vindu eller objekt som skal rulle n\'e5r du bruker funksjonen Virtuell rulling. Velg det alternativet for Virtuell rulling du vil aktivere.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge handling\b0\par
Du kan konfigurere pekepinnen til \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk med h\'f8yre eller venstre \rdblquote museknapp\rdblquote .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Trefingers h\'e5ndbevelse\b0\par
N\'e5r du trekker tre fingre fra toppen til bunnen av TouchPad i en rett, sammenhengende bevegelse, og deretter l\'f8fter alle tre fingre opp fra TouchPad-overflaten samtidig, kalles dette en trefingers bevegelse.\par
\par
Du kan bruke en trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelse til \'e5 utf\'f8re handlinger som for eksempel "g\'e5 til en web-side i standardleseren." Hver gang du utf\'f8rer denne trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelsen, blir denne side web-siden automatisk \'e5pnet og lastet inn av nettleseren.\par
\par
Velg avkrysningsboksen \b Aktiver trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelser\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen. Det finnes to mulige bevegelsesretninger for en trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelse: topp til bunn og bunn til topp.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurere en handling for f\'f8lgende trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelser som vises i menytreet til venstre:\par
\par
\b Topp\b0 : Dra tre fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra bunnen og til toppen i en stigende, loddrett bevegelse.\par
\par
\b Bunn\b0 : Dra tre fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra toppen og til bunnen i en synkende, loddrett bevegelse.\par
\par
Slik konfigurerer du en handling for en trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelse :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Pass p\'e5 at avkrysningsboksen \b Aktiver trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelser\b0  er valgt.\par
2.\tab Velg et alternativ fra menytreet til venstre. Velg et alternativ som stemmer overens med sluttpunktet for bevegelsesretningen. Hvis du for eksempel vil konfigurere en trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelse som begynner p\'e5 bunnen og slutter p\'e5 toppen, velger du \b Topp.\b0\par
3.\tab Velg handling fra listen ovenfor for \'e5 tilordne den til den valgte h\'e5ndbevegelsen. Den valgte handlingen vil bli gjennomf\'f8rt hver gang du utf\'f8rer denne trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelsen.\par
4.\tab Mange handlinger krever ingen ytterligere konfigurasjon. Hvis det imidlertid er n\'f8dvendig med mer informasjon, vil knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktiveres, eller en dialogboks for konfigurering vil vises. Du kan klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre konfigureringen av handlingen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Hvis du ikke kan velge en handling fra listen, m\'e5 du forsikre deg om at alternativene er aktivert. Hvis du vil aktivere alternativene, utf\'f8rer du f\'f8lgende trinn:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b Trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelser\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Velg avkrysningsboksen \b Aktiver trefingers h\'e5ndbevegelse\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg sluttpunktet for bevegelsen fra menytreet for \'e5 g\'e5 tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Tofingers h\'e5ndbevelse\b0\par
En tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelse utf\'f8res ved \'e5 plassere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad og dra dem fra \'e9n side (eller ett hj\'f8rne) p\'e5 TouchPad til motsatt side (eller hj\'f8rne) i en rett, sammenhengende bevegelse og deretter l\'f8fte begge fingre opp fra TouchPad-overflaten samtidig.\par
\par
Du kan bruke en tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelse til \'e5 utf\'f8re handlinger som for eksempel "g\'e5 til en web-side i standardleseren." Hver gang du utf\'f8rer denne tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelsen, blir denne web-siden automatisk \'e5pnet og lastet inn av nettleseren.\par
\par
Velg avkrysningsboksen \b Aktiver tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelser\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen. Det finnes \'e5tte mulige bevegelsesretninger for en tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelse.\par
\par
Det er ikke sikkert at alle disse h\'e5ndbevegelsene er tilgjengelig p\'e5 alle maskiner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurere en handling for f\'f8lgende tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelser som vises i menytreet til venstre:\par
\par
\b Topp\b0 : Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra bunnen og til toppen, i en stigende, loddrett bevegelse.\par
\par
\b\'d8verste hj\'f8rne til h\'f8yre:\b0  Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra nederste hj\'f8rne til venstre og til \'f8verste hj\'f8rne til h\'f8yre, i en diagonal bevegelse.\par
\par
\b H\'f8yre:\b0  Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra venstre side og til h\'f8yre side i en horisontal bevegelse.\par
\par
\b Nederste hj\'f8rne til h\'f8yre:\b0  Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra \'f8verste hj\'f8rne til venstre og til nederste hj\'f8rne til h\'f8yre i en diagonal bevegelse.\par
\par
\b Bunn\b0 : Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra toppen og til bunnen i en synkende, loddrett bevegelse.\par
\par
\b Nederste hj\'f8rne til venstre:\b0  Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra \'f8verste hj\'f8rne til h\'f8yre og til nederste hj\'f8rne til venstre i en diagonal bevegelse.\par
\par
\b Venstre:\b0  Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra h\'f8yre side og til venstre side i en horisontal bevegelse.\par
\par
\b\'d8verste hj\'f8rne til venstre:\b0  Dra to fingre langs overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad, fra nederste hj\'f8rne til h\'f8yre og til \'f8verste hj\'f8rne til venstre i en diagonal bevegelse.\par
\par
Slik konfigurerer du en handling for en tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelse:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Pass p\'e5 at avkrysningsboksen \b Aktiver tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelser\b0  er valgt.\par
2.\tab Velg et alternativ fra menytreet til venstre. Velg et alternativ som stemmer overens med sluttpunktet for bevegelsesretningen. Hvis du for eksempel vil konfigurere en tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelse som begynner p\'e5 bunnen og slutter p\'e5 toppen, velger du \b Topp.\b0\par
3.\tab Velg handling fra listen ovenfor for \'e5 tilordne den til den valgte h\'e5ndbevegelsen. Den valgte handlingen vil bli gjennomf\'f8rt hver gang du utf\'f8rer denne tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelsen.\par
4.\tab Mange handlinger krever ingen ytterligere konfigurasjon. Hvis det imidlertid er n\'f8dvendig med mer informasjon, vil knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktiveres, eller en dialogboks for konfigurering vil vises. Du kan klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre konfigureringen av handlingen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Hvis du ikke kan velge en handling fra listen, m\'e5 du forsikre deg om at alternativene er aktivert. Hvis du vil aktivere alternativene, utf\'f8rer du f\'f8lgende trinn:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b Tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelser\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Velg avkrysningsboksen \b Aktiver tofingers h\'e5ndbevegelse\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg sluttpunktet for bevegelsen fra menytreet for \'e5 g\'e5 tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
I dette vinduet av typen \b Egenskaper\b0  kan du tilpasse innstillinger for pekeenheten. Bruk menytreet til venstre for \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til tilpasningsfunksjonene.\par
\par
\b Bruke vinduet Egenskaper\b0\par
Klikk p\'e5 en funksjon i menytreet for \'e5 \'e5pne en innstillingsside for den aktuelle funksjonen. Noen av funksjonene har flere innstillingssider. Klikk p\'e5 \b +\b0  (plusstegnet) ved siden av en funksjon for \'e5 se alle de relaterte sidene. Innstillingen vil vises i vinduet til h\'f8yre for menytreet. Informasjon om disse alternativene og instruksjoner om hvordan du endrer dem, vil vises her i denne informasjonsboksen. Du kan ogs\'e5 benytte rullefeltet til \'e5 f\'e5 fram innholdet i informasjonsboksen.\par
\par
\b Knappen Gjenopprett alle standardverdier\b0\par
Knappen \b Gjenopprett alle standardverdier\b0  tilbakestiller alle innstillingene p\'e5 alle sider til de opprinnelige verdiene.\par
\par
\b Knappen Gjenopprett standardverdier for side\b0\par
Knappen \b Gjenopprett standardverdier for side\b0  tilbakestiller alle innstillingene p\'e5 gjeldende side til de opprinnelige verdiene.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK\b0\par
Knappen \b OK\b0  lagrer endringene og lukker vinduet Egenskaper.\par
\par
\b Knappen Avbryt\b0\par
Knappen \b Avbryt\b0  lukker vinduet Egenskaper uten \'e5 lagre eventuelle endringer, og g\'e5r tilbake til alle de gamle innstillingene.\par
\par
\b Knappen Bruk\b0\par
Knappen \b Bruk\b0  lagrer endringene du har foretatt, men beholder vinduet Egenskaper \'e5pent, slik at du kan foreta flere endringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Virtuell rulling\b0  gj\'f8r at du kan rulle Web-sider, dokumenter og andre objekter med en TouchPad. Plasser fingeren i rullesonen - den ytre kanten av TouchPad - og beveg fingeren i sirkler. En liten forh\'f8yning i overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad hjelper deg med \'e5 styre fingeren. Du er imidlertid ikke bare begrenset til \'e5 bruke det ytre omr\'e5det n\'e5r du har startet rullingen. Det er tilstrekkelig at du bare starter i rullesonen, deretter kan du flytte fingeren mot midten av TouchPad og rulle i sm\'e5 sirkler i midten hvis du foretrekker det. N\'e5r du vil slutte \'e5 rulle, l\'f8fter du bare opp fingeren.\par
\par
Alternativer for virtuell rulling omfatter: vertikal rulling (ned og opp), vertikal rulling og horisontal rulling (ned, opp, h\'f8yre og venstre), rulle lyd (lydeffekter) eller ingen rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil rulle opp eller ned.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle ned, setter du fingeren hvor som helst i rullesonen og beveger fingeren i sirkler med urviseren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle opp, setter du fingeren hvor som helst i rullesonen og beveger fingeren i sirkler mot urviseren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Aktiver vertikal og horisontal rulling\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil rulle ned, opp, h\'f8yre eller venstre. Den h\'f8yre siden av rullesonen styrer vertikal rulling. Den nederste delen av rullesonen styrer horisontal rulling.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle ned, setter du fingeren i h\'f8yre side av rullesonen og beveger fingeren i sirkler med urviseren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle opp, setter du fingeren i h\'f8yre side av rullesonen og beveger fingeren i sirkler mot urviseren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle til h\'f8yre, setter du fingeren i den nedre delen av rullesonen og beveger fingeren i sirkler mot urviseren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil rulle til venstre, setter du fingeren i den nedre delen av rullesonen og beveger fingeren i sirkler med urviseren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Aktiver lydrulling\b0\par
Velg dette alternativet hvis du vil styre lydeffektene med rulling.\par
\par
MERK: Du m\'e5 ogs\'e5 velge \b Vertikal rulling\b0  eller \b Vertikal og horisontal rulling\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Deaktiver rulling\b0\par
Hvis du ikke vil bruke noen av de virtuelle rullefunksjonene, velger du \b Deaktiver rulling\b0 . N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, kan du bruke rullesonen til peking og trykking i stedet for rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Belysningsalternativer\b0\par
\par
LuxPad-pekeenheten har en rekke belysningsalternativer. Merk av for \b Aktiver belysning\b0  for \'e5 tilpasse lyseffektene for LuxPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Lysstyrke\b0\par
\par
Du kan velge forskjellige lysstyrkeniv\'e5er for n\'e5r den b\'e6rbare datamaskinen er koblet til en str\'f8mkilde, og for n\'e5r den g\'e5r p\'e5 batteri. Det \'e5 velge forskjellige innstillinger kan v\'e6re nyttig hvis du vil at batteriet skal vare lengst mulig.\par
\par
Alternativene for lysstyrke for \b Ekstern str\'f8m\b0  og \b Batteri\b0  er \b Lav\b0 , \b Middels\b0  og \b H\'f8y\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis alternativene p\'e5 denne siden er nedtonet og utilgjengelige, kan du aktivere dem ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 \b Belysningsalternativer\b0  i menytreet til venstre. Merk av for \b Aktiver belysning\b0  for \'e5 velge det og g\'e5 tilbake til siden \b Lysstyrke\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Belysningstid\b0\par
\par
P\'e5 siden \b Belysningstid\b0  finner du en rekke alternativer for lyseffekter.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Alltid p\'e5\b0  hvis du vil at LuxPad skal lyse kontinuerlig n\'e5r du har logget deg p\'e5.\par
\par
Alternativene\b  Belysningstid etter p\'e5logging\b0  og\b  Belysning ved ber\'f8ring\b0  fungerer bare n\'e5r avmerkingsboksen \b Alltid p\'e5 er tom\b0 . Hvis det er et merke i avmerkingsboksen \b Alltid p\'e5\b0 , kan du klikke p\'e5 det for \'e5 fjerne det.\par
\par
Med glidebryteren\b  Belysningstid etter p\'e5logging\b0  kan du oppgi hvor lenge du vil at LuxPad skal lyse etter at du har logget deg p\'e5. Flytt glidebryteren til venstre for \'e5 f\'e5 en kortere tidsperiode og til h\'f8yre \'e5 f\'e5 en lengre.\par
\par
Merk av for\b  Belysning ved ber\'f8ring\b0  hvis du vil at LuxPad skal lyse n\'e5r fingeren er p\'e5 LuxPad-overflaten. LuxPad vil lyse hver gang du ber\'f8rer den.\par
\par
Hvis alternativene p\'e5 denne siden er nedtonet og utilgjengelige, kan du aktivere dem ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 \b Belysningsalternativer\b0  i menytreet til venstre. Merk av for \b Aktiver belysning\b0  for \'e5 velge det og g\'e5 tilbake til siden \b Belysningstid\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke pekepinnen eller TouchPad til \'e5 flytte mark\'f8ren, velger du \b Aktiver\b0  for \'f8nsket alternativ.\par
\par
Du kan aktivere b\'e5de pekepinnen og TouchPad. Hvis du gj\'f8r det, kan du bruke begge til \'e5 flytte mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke knappene p\'e5 pekepinnen, TouchPad-knappene eller begge deler, velger du \b Aktiver\b0  for \'f8nsket alternativ.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
Velg alternativet \b Deaktiver\b0  for enheten eller knappene p\'e5 enheten som du ikke vil bruke. Det gj\'f8r at du ikke aktiverer dem uten hensikt n\'e5r du skriver eller peker.\par
\par
Merk: Du kan ikke deaktivere b\'e5de pekepinnen og TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Hvis du vil endre handlingen for \'e5 trykke p\'e5 \b Venstre knapp\b0 , \b Begge knapper\b0  eller H\'f8yre knap\b p\b0 , klikker du p\'e5 nedpilen p\'e5 rullegardinlisten for \'e5 vise alternativene. Velg \'f8nsket handling.\par
\par
Hvis den valgte handlingen krever mer informasjon, blir knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktivert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Hvis den valgte handlingen p\'e5 rullegardinlisten krever mer informasjon, blir knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktivert. Klikk p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  og oppgi n\'f8dvendig informasjon i dialogboksen som blir vist. Klikk p\'e5 \b OK\b0  for \'e5 lagre innstillingen og lukke dialogboksen.\par
\par
Du kan vise eller endre innstillingene n\'e5r som helst ved \'e5 klikke p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurer\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Hvis du vil gjenopprette standardinnstillingene for alle objektene i vinduet, klikker du p\'e5 denne knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke et fingertrykk til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6rklikk, krysser du av for \b Trykk for \'e5 klikke\b0 . Et fingertrykk er en rask bevegelse ned og opp.\par
\par
N\'e5r denne boksen er tom, kan du bare utf\'f8re et prim\'e6rklikk ved \'e5 trykke p\'e5 en knapp.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Hvis du vil dra objekter uten \'e5 trykke p\'e5 en TouchPad-knapp, merker du av for \b Trykk og dra\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke denne funksjonen, trykker du p\'e5 et objekt for \'e5 velge det og legger fingeren raskt ned p\'e5 TouchPad igjen og skyver fingeren i den retningen du \'f8nsker \'e5 dra objektet. L\'f8ft fingeren av TouchPad for \'e5 slippe objektet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Hvis du vil dra objekter over skjermen med flere fingerstr\'f8k, merker du av for \b L\'e5s og dra\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke l\'e5s og dra, trykker du p\'e5 et objekt for \'e5 velge det. Bruk s\'e5 mange fingerstr\'f8k p\'e5 TouchPad som n\'f8dvendig for \'e5 flytte objektet til \'f8nsket plassering. Du trenger ikke \'e5 holde fingeren nede. Det valgte objektet blir ikke frigjort f\'f8r du trykker p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Du kan bruke denne glidebryteren til \'e5 justere hvor mye fingertrykk du m\'e5 bruke f\'f8r TouchPad reagerer. Hvis pekeren beveger seg uregelmessig, flytter du glidebryteren til h\'f8yre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Hvis du vil unng\'e5 u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser eller klikk mens du skriver, merker du av for \b Aktiver PalmCheck\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Denne funksjonen fungerer slik at TouchPad registrerer n\'e5r h\'e5ndflaten hviler p\'e5 den eller sveiper over overflaten mens du skriver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Bruk denne glidebryteren til \'e5 justere PalmCheck-sensitiviteten.\par
\par
Hvis det forekommer u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser eller klikk som skyldes TouchPad, \'f8ker du PalmCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 skyve glidebryteren til h\'f8yre. Hvis du flytter glidebryteren helt til h\'f8yre, mot innstillingen \b Maksimum\b0 , er det st\'f8rre sannsynlighet for at ikke alle trykk eller bevegelser blir registrert.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad ikke registrerer \'f8nskede trykk og bevegelser, \'f8ker du PalmCheck-sensitiviteten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til venstre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du fortsette \'e5 flytte pekeren selv om du kommer til kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
Uten EdgeMotion m\'e5 du bruke flere fingerstr\'f8k p\'e5 TouchPad eller \'f8ke hastigheten for pekerbevegelse i kategorien \b Alternativer for peker\b0  til \'e5 enkelt flytte pekeren over st\'f8rre avstander.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke \i EdgeMotion\i0  for drabevegelser (trykk og dra og l\'e5s og dra), merker du av for \b N\'e5r du drar\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du fortsette \'e5 flytte pekeren selv om du kommer til kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, vil ikke EdgeMotion forekomme under vanlig pekerbevegelse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke \i EdgeMotion\i0  n\'e5r fingeren kommer til kanten av TouchPad, merker du av for \b N\'e5r du peker\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du fortsette \'e5 flytte pekeren selv om du kommer til kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke \i EdgeMotion\i0  n\'e5r du bruker funksjonen \b Virtuell rulling\b0 , merker du av for \b N\'e5r du ruller\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du fortsette \'e5 flytte pekeren selv om du kommer til kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Dette diagrammet forestiller overflaten av TouchPad. Det skraverte omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet viser EdgeMotion-omr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du setter fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, blir fingerens posisjon angitt med piler langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt EdgeMotion-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, blir det tilsvarende EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet ensfarget. Du kan lage EdgeMotion-omr\'e5dene st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i \'e9n av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i kantene av det skraverte omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du har vanskeligheter med \'e5 aktivere EdgeMotion, kan du lage EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene i det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis du synes at EdgeMotion aktiveres for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis EdgeMotion-omr\'e5dene er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, velger du et av EdgeMotion-alternativene. Da kan du endre st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 omr\'e5dene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke trykksensitiv hastighet, merker du av i denne boksen. N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, flytter pekeren seg raskere jo hardere du trykker.\par
\par
For konstant hastighet fjerner du merket for \b Kontroller EdgeMotion-hastighet med fingertrykk\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Hvis du vil justere EdgeMotion-hastigheten n\'e5r merket for \b Kontroller EdgeMotion-hastighet med fingertrykk\b0  er fjernet, bruker du denne glidebryteren. Dra glidebryteren til h\'f8yre for raskere EdgeMotion eller til venstre for langsommere EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Hvis du vil konfigurere en trykkesone til \'e5 utf\'f8re en handling n\'e5r den blir trykket p\'e5, merker du av for \b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Alle hj\'f8rnene p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten kan konfigureres som en trykkesone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Hvis du vil tilordne en handling til en trykkesone, velger du et alternativ fra rullegardinlisten. Hvis mer informasjon er n\'f8dvendig for den valgte handlingen, blir knappen \b Konfigurer\b0  aktivert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Dette diagrammet forestiller overflaten av TouchPad. De skraverte omr\'e5dene p\'e5 diagrammet viser de aktive omr\'e5dene for trykkesone p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du setter fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, blir fingerens posisjon angitt med piler langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt trykkesoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, blir det tilsvarende trykkesoneomr\'e5det i diagrammet ensfarget. Du kan lage omr\'e5dene for trykkesone st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i \'e9n av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i hj\'f8rnene av de skraverte omr\'e5dene.\par
\par
Hvis du har vanskeligheter med \'e5 utf\'f8re en trykkesonehandling, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage trykkesoneomr\'e5det st\'f8rre. Hvis trykkesonehandlingen utf\'f8res for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage trykkesoneomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis trykkesonene er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, merker du av for \b Aktiver trykkesone\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Deretter kan du endre st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 dem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke en svepebevegelse til \'e5 utf\'f8re funksjonen til en \b frem-\b0  eller \b tilbakeknapp\b0  i et Web-leservindu, merker du av for Aktiver h\'e5ndbevegelse for \b frem/tilbake\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke en h\'e5ndbevegelse for frem eller tilbake, plasserer du fingeren langs den \'f8vre kanten av TouchPad og flytter fingeren til h\'f8yre eller venstre. Hvis du flytter fingeren til venstre, skjer det samme som n\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 knappen med tilbakepil. Hvis du flytter fingeren til h\'f8yre, skjer det samme som n\'e5r du klikker p\'e5 knappen med fremoverpil.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke Virtuell rulling-funksjoner, merker du av for \b Aktiver rulling\b0  i avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
N\'e5r Virtuell rulling er aktivert, blir det merkede vinduet eller objektet rullet vertikalt hvis du drar fingeren opp og ned langs den h\'f8yre kanten av TouchPad. Det aktive vinduet eller objektet rulles horisontalt hvis du drar fingeren over den nedre kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Hvis du vil vise alternativene for virtuell rulling og justere innstillingene, klikker du p\'e5 denne knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Hvis du vil rulle det aktive vinduet eller objektet, velger du alternativet \b Rull merket objekt\b0 . Det aktive objektet er vanligvis det siste vinduet, en del av et vindu eller et objekt som du har klikket p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
Hvis du vil rulle et objekt som er under pekeren i et aktivt program, velger du dette alternativet. Med dette alternativet kan du rulle til objektet under pekeren uten \'e5 klikke p\'e5 objektet f\'f8rst.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Hvis du vil rulle enkelt gjennom lange dokumenter, merker du av for \b Aktiver vandring\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Den virtuelle rullingen fortsetter etter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren fra TouchPad hvis du velger funksjonen vandring.\par
\par
Flytt og l\'f8ft fingeren med \'e9n jevn horisontal eller vertikal bevegelse for \'e5 aktivere vandring. Hvis du vil avslutte vandring, trykker du p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Dette diagrammet forestiller overflaten av TouchPad. Det skraverte omr\'e5det p\'e5 diagrammet viser de aktive omr\'e5dene for virtuell rulling p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du setter fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad, blir fingerens posisjon angitt med piler langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt omr\'e5de av TouchPad for virtuell rulling, blir det tilsvarende omr\'e5det for virtuell rulling p\'e5 diagrammet ensfarget. Du kan lage omr\'e5dene for virtuell rulling st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra i \'e9n av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i kantene av det skraverte omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du har vanskeligheter med \'e5 aktivere virtuell rulling, kan du lage omr\'e5det for virtuell rulling st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene i det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis du synes at virtuell rulling aktiveres for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 lage omr\'e5det for virtuell rulling mindre.\par
\par
Hvis omr\'e5dene for virtuell rulling er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, velger du et alternativ for virtuell rulling. Deretter kan du endre st\'f8rrelsene p\'e5 omr\'e5dene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Hvis du kj\'f8rer innf\'f8ringen i virtuell rulling, klikker du p\'e5 knappen \b\'d8velse\b0 . Denne enkle labyrinten er et hjelpemiddel for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du bruker funksjonen Virtuell rulling.\par
\par
Merk: Kontroller at det er merket av for b\'e5de \b Horisontal rulling\b0  og \b V\b0 ertikal rulling.\par
\par
Studer labyrinten f\'f8r du begynner \'e5 lete etter start- og sluttpunktene. Du kan ikke se hele labyrinten fordi den er st\'f8rre enn vinduet den vises i. Bruk funksjonen Virtuell rulling til \'e5 flytte synsfeltet til labyrinten i vinduet. Hold \b Ctrl-\b0 tasten nede og bruk Virtuell rulling til \'e5 gj\'f8re labyrinten st\'f8rre eller mindre.\par
\par
En gul prikk \'f8verst i venstre hj\'f8rne av labyrinten angir \'e5pningen til labyrinten. En bl\'e5 prikk p\'e5 h\'f8yre side av labyrinten angir utgangen.\par
\par
Slik starter du:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klikk p\'e5 den r\'f8de firkanten i den gule prikken for \'e5 starte.\par
2.\tab Bruk\b  piltastene\b0  eller trykk kort p\'e5 TouchPad for \'e5 navigere gjennom labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Bruk funksjonen Virtuell rulling for \'e5 flytte synsfeltet til labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Klikk p\'e5 \b Lukk\b0 -knappen i \b vinduet \'d8velse i virtuell rulling n\'e5r du kommer til den bl\'e5 prikken\b0  i nedre h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke virtuell rulling p\'e5 vinduer som har horisontale rullefelt, merker du av for \b Horisontal rulling\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Det aktive vinduet eller objektet rulles horisontalt hvis du drar fingeren fram og tilbake langs den nedre kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke virtuell rulling p\'e5 vinduer som har vertikale rullefelt, merker du av for \b Vertikal rulling\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Det merkede vinduet eller objektet rulles vertikalt hvis du drar fingeren opp og ned langs den h\'f8yre kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Du kontrollerer hastigheten for Virtuell rulling med glidebryteren. Dra glidebryteren mot h\'f8yre for raskere rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke trykkebevegelser til \'e5 utf\'f8re en bestemt handling, merker du av for \b Aktiver trykk for \'e5 velge\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Handlinger er tilordnet p\'e5 rullegardinlisten \b Trykkehandling\b0 .\par
\par
\i Trykking \i0 er en rask fingerbevegelse ned og opp p\'e5 toppen av pekepinnen. Et lett, raskt trykk fungerer best. Harde eller langsomme trykk er mindre effektivt. Trykk kort \'e9n gang for et enkeltklikk, eller to ganger i rask rekkef\'f8lge for dobbeltklikk.\par
\par
\i Trykke ned\i0  betyr \'e5 trykke raskt ned med fingeren p\'e5 enden av pekepinnen. Et lett, raskt trykk fungerer best. Trykk rett ned for \'e5 etterligne klikk og hold med museknappen. Trykk rett ned og deretter ut mot siden for \'e5 klikke og dra i en retning. L\'f8ft fingeren for \'e5 slippe objektet som blir dratt.\par
\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av for \b Aktiver Trykk for \'e5 velge,\b0  m\'e5 du trykke p\'e5 en knapp for \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6rklikk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Hvis du vil unng\'e5 u\'f8nskede klikk mens du skriver, merker du av i denne avmerkingsboksen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Hvis du vil tilordne en handling til trykking p\'e5 pekepinnen, velger du et alternativ fra rullegardinlisten \b Trykkehandling\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Hvis du vil justere hvor raskt du m\'e5 klikke p\'e5 pekepinnen for klikk og dobbeltklikk, flytter du denne glidebryteren.\par
\par
Hvis du setter hastigheten for lavt, kan det forekomme utilsiktede klikk, og forsinkelser n\'e5r du flytter pekeren eller n\'e5r du drar. Hvis du setter hastigheten for raskt, kan det imidlertid v\'e6re vanskelig \'e5 bruke Trykk for \'e5 velge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Hvis du vil aktivere Virtuell rulling, merker du av for \b Aktiver rulling\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, kan pekepinnen bare brukes til horisontal eller vertikal virtuell rulling. Du m\'e5 bruke TouchPad eller en ekstern mus til \'e5 flytte mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke virtuell rulling, skyver du pekepinnen i den retningen du vil rulle. Hvis du vil stoppe rullingen, l\'f8fter du fingeren av pekepinnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Hvis du vil justere hastigheten for \b Virtuell rulling\b0 , bruker du denne glidebryteren. Flytt glidebryteren til h\'f8yre for raskere rulling eller til venstre for langsommere rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
Hvis du vil justere trykket som kreves for b\'e5de mark\'f8rbevegelse og Trykk for \'e5 velge p\'e5 pekepinnen, bruker du glidebryteren \b Trykkesensitivitet\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du vil redusere hvor hardt du m\'e5 trykke, flytter du glidebryteren til \b Lett trykk\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du vil \'f8ke hvor hardt du m\'e5 trykke, flytter du glidebryteren til \b Hardt trykk\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Hvis du vil holde pekeren innenfor det aktive vinduet, merker du av for \b Stopp pekeren ved vindusrammer\b0  i avmerkingsboksen. Ved \'e5 stoppe pekeren ved vinduets kantlinjer er det lettere \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til kontrollene som ligger i n\'e6rheten av kantene til et vindu.\par
\par
N\'e5r dette alternativet er valgt, stopper pekeren ved kanten f\'f8rste gangen du pr\'f8ver \'e5 flytte den utenfor kanten. Hvis du pr\'f8ver en gang til, g\'e5r pekeren utenfor vinduet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Hvis du vil forbedre n\'f8yaktigheten til pekeren i forbindelse med finjusteringer, velger du et alternativ fra rullegardinlisten \b Tast for langsom bevegelse.\b0  Med denne funksjonen kan du redusere hastigheten til pekeren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke lav hastighet, trykker du p\'e5 og holder den valgte tasten mens du flytter pekeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Hvis du vil flytte pekeren automatisk til standardinnstillingen n\'e5r det blir vist en dialogboks p\'e5 skjermen, velger du denne funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Hvis du vil at pekeren bare skal bevege seg horisontalt eller vertikalt p\'e5 skjermen, velger du et alternativ fra rullegardinlisten \b Tast for innskrenket peker\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du vil bruke begrenset pekerbevegelse, trykker du p\'e5 og holder den valgte tasten mens du flytter pekeren. N\'e5r denne tasten holdes nede, avgj\'f8r den f\'f8rste bevegelsen du utf\'f8rer med pekeren hvilken retning den skal bevege seg s\'e5 lenge du holder fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Hvis du vil ha tilbakemelding om pekehandlingene, merker du av for \b Animert\b0 . Det animerte ikonet blir vist p\'e5 Windows-oppgavelinjen. Dobbeltklikk p\'e5 dette ikonet for \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til vinduet \b for museegenskaper\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Hvis du vil ha en veldig jevn pekerbevegelse, velger du \b Hurtig\b0  som alternativ for oppdateringsfrekvens.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Hvis pekeren er ujevn eller flimrer p\'e5 skjermen, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 velge \b Langsom\b0  som oppdateringsfrekvens for pekeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Dette er versjonsnummeret for Synaptics TouchPad-driveren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Hvis du vil ha den nyeste informasjonen om patenter for Synaptics-produkter, kan du g\'e5 Web-omr\'e5det p\'e5: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dobbeltmodus\b0\par
Med dobbeltmodusfunksjonen kan du bytte fra pekermodus til knappemodus. I knappemodus gir de virtuelle knappene p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten praktiske snarveier til programmer som brukes mye, og her finner du ogs\'e5 en volumkontroller, slik at du raskt og enkelt kan \'f8ke eller redusere lydvolumet.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere dobbeltmodus, merker du av for \b Bytt til knappemodus ved \'e5 trykke \'f8verst i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du knappemodus:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Trykk p\'e5 \b Bytt modus\b0 -knappen. Denne knappen finnes \'f8verst i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad, over volumkontrollen.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Trykk p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen for programmet du vil starte. TouchPad g\'e5r automatisk tilbake til pekermodus n\'e5r programmet er \'e5pnet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Merk: Hvis du merker av for \b Alltid i knappemodus n\'e5r en ekstern enhet er koblet til\b0 , kan du bruke knappemodus n\'e5r en ekstern pekeenhet er koblet til, for eksempel en mus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
Alternativer for knappemodus\par
Det finnes seks virtuelle knapper som kan konfigureres av brukeren. De \'f8verste tre virtuelle knappene har standardinnstillinger, og de andre er ikke konfigurert. Standardinnstillingene for de konfigurerte virtuelle knappene vises nedenfor:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til venstre, \'e5pnes det tilordnede e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst i midten, \'e5pnes ConfigFree-programmet. Du finner mer informasjon i den elektroniske hjelpen for Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til h\'f8yre, sendes elementet i det aktive vinduet til\~skriveren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
Alternativer for knappemodus\par
Det finnes seks virtuelle knapper som kan konfigureres av brukeren. Fire av\~de virtuelle knappene har standardinnstillinger, og de andre er ikke konfigurert. Standardinnstillingene for de konfigurerte virtuelle knappene vises nedenfor:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til venstre, \'e5pnes det tilordnede e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst i midten, \'e5pnes den tilordnede nettleseren.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til h\'f8yre, \'e5pnes BeatJam-programmet. Du finner mer informasjon i den elektroniske hjelpen for Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen nederst til venstre, \'e5pnes den elektroniske hjelpen for Toshiba.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Knappekontroll\b0  hindrer aktivitet med knappene ved utilsiktet kontakt. Knappekontroll fungerer slik at knappene registrerer n\'e5r h\'e5ndflaten hviler p\'e5 dem eller sveiper over overflatene mens du skriver. Dette hindrer u\'f8nsket knappeaktivering.\par
\par
Hvis det forekommer u\'f8nsket aktivering, \'f8ker du Knappekontroll-innstillingen ved \'e5 skyve glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Maksimum\b0 . Hvis aktiveringer uteblir, reduserer du Knappekontroll-innstillingene ved \'e5 skyve p\'e5 glidebryteren til venstre mot \b Minimum\b0 . Sannsynligheten for at knappetrykk ikke blir utf\'f8rt, er st\'f8rre hvis glidebryteren st\'e5r helt til h\'f8yre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Hvis du vil konfigurere handlingen som skal utf\'f8res n\'e5r du ber\'f8rer en knapp, velger du knappen i menytreet. Du kan for eksempel definere Knapp 1 til \'e5 g\'e5 til en web-side i standardleseren. Hver gang du ber\'f8rer Knapp 1, blir denne web-siden automatisk \'e5pnet og lastet inn av nettleseren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
Med Sensitivitet-innstillingene kan du tilpasse m\'e5ten enheten reagerer p\'e5 ber\'f8ring. Hvis du vil justere sensitivitetsinnstillingene, velger du et element i menytreet \b Sensitivitet\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
Med glidebryteren \b Trykksensitivitet\b0  kan du justere hvor mye fingertrykk du m\'e5 bruke f\'f8r enheten reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis enheten reagerer uregelmessig, eller du arbeider i et omr\'e5de med h\'f8y luftfuktighet, reduserer du sensitiviteten med \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Hardt trykk\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du m\'e5 trykke for hardt for \'e5 bruke enheten, \'f8ker du sensitiviteten med \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til venstre mot \b Lett trykk\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Velg handling fra listen ovenfor for \'e5 tilordne den til den valgte knappen. Den valgte handlingen vil bli gjennomf\'f8rt hver gang du trykke p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
Avmerkingsboksen \b Aktiver lyder\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 spille av en brukerkonfigurert lyd n\'e5r en knapp trykkes.\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av for \b Aktiver lyder\b0 , er lyder deaktivert og det spilles ikke av lyd ved trykking p\'e5 knappene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
Avmerkingsboksen \b Aktiver belysning\b0  aktiverer belysning av knappene n\'e5r de er deaktivert og aktivert.\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av for \b Aktiver belysning\b0 , deaktiveres belysning og lysstyrken for knappene endres ikke n\'e5r de trykkes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
Med glidebryteren \b Deaktiver lysstyrke\b0  kan du justere lysstyrkeniv\'e5et for knappene n\'e5r de ikke trykkes.\par
Hvis lysstyrkeniv\'e5et for knappene er for h\'f8yt n\'e5r de ikke trykkes, flytter du glidebryteren mot innstillingen \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Hvis lysstyrkeniv\'e5et for knappene er for lavt n\'e5r de ikke trykkes, flytter du glidebryteren mot innstillingen \b Maksimum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
Med glidebryteren \b Aktiver lysstyrke\b0  kan du justere lysstyrkeniv\'e5et for knappene n\'e5r de trykkes.\par
Hvis lysstyrkeniv\'e5et for knappene er for h\'f8yt n\'e5r de trykkes, flytter du glidebryteren mot innstillingen \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Hvis lysstyrkeniv\'e5et for knappene er for lavt n\'e5r de trykkes, flytter du glidebryteren mot innstillingen \b Maksimum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Alternativer for knappemodus\b0\par
Det finnes seks virtuelle knapper som kan konfigureres av brukeren. De \'f8verste tre virtuelle knappene har standardinnstillinger, og de andre er ikke konfigurert. Standardinnstillingene for de konfigurerte virtuelle knappene vises nedenfor:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til venstre, \'e5pnes det tilordnede e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst i midten, \'e5pnes ConfigFree-programmet. Du finner mer informasjon i den elektroniske hjelpen for Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til h\'f8yre, \'e5pnes Windows Photo Gallery.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Hvis du vil konfigurere handlingen som utf\'f8res n\'e5r du skyver fingeren over en glidebryter, velger du glidebryteren i menytreet. Du kan for eksempel konfigurere Glidebryter 1 til \'e5 justere volumet p\'e5 systemet. Hver gang du skyver fingeren over Glidebryter 1, \'f8kes eller reduseres volumet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
Velg en handling fra handlingssettet ovenfor for \'e5 tilordne den til den valgte glidebryteren. Den valgte handlingen utf\'f8res hver gang du skyver fingeren opp eller ned p\'e5 glidebryteren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Justere hastighet for pekerbevegelse\b0\par
Glidebryteren styrer hastigheten til pekeren. Du kan velge pekerhastighet ved \'e5 justere glidebryteren mellom \b Langsom og\b0  \b Hurtig\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Alternativer for knappemodus\b0\par
Det finnes seks virtuelle knapper som kan konfigureres av brukeren. De \'f8verste tre virtuelle knappene har standardinnstillinger, og de andre er ikke konfigurert. Standardinnstillingene for de konfigurerte virtuelle knappene vises nedenfor:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til venstre, \'e5pnes det tilordnede e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst i midten, \'e5pnes ConfigFree-programmet. Du finner mer informasjon i den elektroniske hjelpen for Toshiba.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Hvis du trykker p\'e5 den virtuelle knappen \'f8verst til h\'f8yre, \'e5pnes My Pictures folder.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Kontrollinje\par
\par
Med kontrollinjen kan du konfigurere knapper for \'e5 starte dine favorittprogrammer. Du kan tilpasse utseendet og virkem\'e5ten for kontrollinjen ved hjelp av innstillingene for belysning, nedtoningstid og trykksensitivitet. Kontrollinjen gir ogs\'e5 enkel tilgang til volumkontroll for lydeffekter for programvare.\par
\par
Velg \b Aktiver\b0  for \'e5 aktivere kontrollinjen for bruk. Hvis du ikke vil bruke kontrollinjen, velger du \b Deaktiver\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
LED-belysning\par
\par
Du kan bruke glidebryteren \b LED-belysning\b0  til \'e5 justere lysstyrken for LEDene i kontrollinjen.\par
\par
Flytt glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Sterkt\b0  for \'e5 \'f8ke lysstyrken.\par
\par
Flytt glidebryteren til venstre mot \b Svakt\b0  for \'e5 redusere lysstyrken.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Nedtoningshastighet\par
\par
Du kan bruker glidebryteren \b Nedtoningshastighet\b0  til \'e5 angi hvor hurtig LEDene i kontrollinjen tones ned n\'e5r du har trykket p\'e5 kontrollinjen og l\'f8ftet fingeren opp fra den.\par
\par
Flytt glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Langsomt\b0  for \'e5 tone ned langsomt.\par
\par
Flytt glidebryteren til venstre mot \b Hurtig\b0  for \'e5 tone ned hurtig.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Trykksensitivitet\par
\par
Med glidebryteren \b Trykkesensitivitet\b0  kan du justere hvor mye fingertrykk du m\'e5 bruke f\'f8r kontrollinjen reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis kontrollinjen ikke fungerer n\'e5r du ber\'f8rer eller trykker hardt for \'e5 bruke den, \'f8ker du sensitiviteten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til venstre mot \b Lett\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du utilsiktet bruker kontrollinjen med en lett ber\'f8ring, reduserer du sensitiviteten med \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Hardt\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Lydeffekter\par
\par
Hvis du vil tilordne en lydeffekt til en bestemt handling, angir du lydfilen eller blar gjennom og velger en lydfil.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volum\par
\par
Glidebryteren \b Volum\b0  gj\'f8r det enkelt \'e5 styre volumet for lydeffektene.\par
\par
Flytt glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b H\'f8yt\b0  for \'e5 \'f8ke volumet.\par
\par
Flytt glidebryteren til venstre mot \b Lavt\b0  for \'e5 redusere volumet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Programmer\par
\par
Hvis du vil tilordne start av et program til en knapp, angir du en kj\'f8rbar fil eller blar gjennom og velger programmet som skal startes.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
Med funksjonen \b Deaktiver sone for TouchPad\b0  kan du aktivere eller deaktivere TouchPad ved \'e5 trykke p\'e5 hj\'f8rnet og holde fingeren stille en kort tid.\par
Hvis TouchPad er aktivert, trykker du p\'e5 hj\'f8rnet for \'e5 deaktivere den. Hvis TouchPad er deaktivert, trykker du p\'e5 hj\'f8rnet for \'e5 aktivere den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
Med glidebryteren \b Minimum ber\'f8ringstid\b0  kan du endre hvor lenge du m\'e5 ber\'f8re hj\'f8rnet for \'e5 aktivere eller deaktivere TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Virtuell rulling er et nyskapende alternativ til vanlige rullemetoder. Virtuell rulling driver rullefeltene automatisk, slik at det ikke er n\'f8dvendig \'e5 flytte pekeren bort fra der du arbeider.\par
\par
Virtuell rulling fungerer med de fleste vinduer som kan rulles, for eksempel tekstbehandlingsdokumenter, regneark og store digitale bilder. Det fungerer ogs\'e5 med andre rullbare objekter som fil- og skriftlister.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-rulling er en unik type virtuell rulling som gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 rulle kontinuerlig med \'e9n, jevn sirkelbevegelse. Rullehastigheten styres av hastigheten p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen. Hvis du vil rulle hurtig, lager du sm\'e5, hurtige sirkelbevegelser. Hvis du vil rulle langsomt, lager du store sirkler og beveger fingeren langsomt. Rulleretningen kan reverseres med \'e5 endre bevegelsesretningen.\par
\par
Slik bruker du vertikal rulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk p\'e5 vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
3.\tab Dra fingeren opp og ned langs den h\'f8yre kanten av TouchPad i \'f8nsket rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du ChiralMotion for \'e5 rulle vertikalt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0  og \b Aktiver ChiralMotion-rulling\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk p\'e5 vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
3.\tab Plasser fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad n\'e6r midten av den h\'f8yre kanten.\par
4.\tab Dra fingeren opp eller ned i \'f8nsket rulleretning, og begynn \'e5 lage en sirkelbevegelse. Du kan flytte fingeren mot midten av TouchPad mens du lager en bevegelse med eller mot urviseren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du horisontal rulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk p\'e5 vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
3.\tab Dra fingeren mot venstre eller h\'f8yre langs den nedre kanten av TouchPad i \'f8nsket rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du ChiralMotion for \'e5 rulle horisontalt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0  og \b Aktiver ChiralMotion-rulling\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk p\'e5 vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
3.\tab Plasser fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad n\'e6r midten av den nedre kanten.\par
4.\tab Dra fingeren mot venstre eller h\'f8yre i \'f8nsket rulleretning, og begynn \'e5 lage en sirkelbevegelse. Du kan flytte fingeren mot midten av TouchPad mens du lager en bevegelse med eller mot urviseren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis Virtuell rulling ikke fungerer, m\'e5 du kontrollere at det er merket av for \b Aktiver rulling\b0  i riktig avmerkingsboks, og at det er mulig \'e5 rulle vinduet eller objektet du klikket p\'e5. Kontroller innstillingene for \b Rulleomr\'e5de\b0  hvis du fremdeles har problemer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
Funksjonen Momentum gir jevn, hurtig og styrekulelignende musebevegelse. En hurtig bevegelse med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten kan flytte mark\'f8ren over hele skjermen. Momentum reduserer de gjentagende bevegelsene og anstrengelsen som er forbundet med \'e5 flytte mark\'f8ren langt, og gir samtidig en jevn og naturlig f\'f8lelse lik bruk av en styrekule. Momentum er ideelt for RTS-spill (Real Time Strategy), FPS-spill (First Person Shooter) og rollespill (RPG).\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver Momentum\b0  for \'e5 aktivere denne funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
Med glidebryteren \b Glideavstand\b0  kan du justere hvor langt mark\'f8ren flytter seg ved en hurtig bevegelse med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad. Du stopper mark\'f8ren ved \'e5 plasserer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad. Ett enkelt trykk p\'e5 TouchPad stopper ogs\'e5 mark\'f8ren.\par
\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver stopp ved skjermkant\b0  for \'e5 holde mark\'f8ren innenfor grensene for skjermen. Funksjonen for \'e5 stoppe ved skjermkant gj\'f8r det enklere \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til menyalternativer og kontroller som er n\'e6r skjermkanten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Knipebevegelsen gir zoomfunksjon i mange programmer. Knipegesten kan brukes til \'e5 utf\'f8re samme funksjon som et rullehjul i vanlige Windows-programmer, som st\'f8tter zoomfunksjon med CTRL-RULLEHJUL.\par
\par
Du utf\'f8rer en knipegest ved \'e5 plassere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten. Flytt dem n\'e6rmere eller fra hverandre. Du zoomer inn ved \'e5 plassere fingrene n\'e6r hverandre p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten og dra dem fra hverandre. Du zoomer ut ved \'e5 plassere fingrene fra hverandre og deretter flytte dem n\'e6rmere hverandre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
ChiralMotion-rulling med to fingre er et nyskapende alternativ til vanlige rullemetoder. Du kan rulle oppover eller nedover ved \'e5 plassere to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad og lage en sirkelbevegelse. Du beh\'f8ver ikke \'e5 holde begge fingrene p\'e5 TouchPad n\'e5r rullingen har begynt. Rullingen fortsetter s\'e5 lenge \'e9n finger lager sirkelbevegelser p\'e5 TouchPad-flaten.\par
\par
Fingerhastigheten styrer rullehastigheten. Hvis du vil rulle hurtig, lager du sm\'e5 sirkler og beveger fingeren hurtig. Hvis du vil rulle langsomt, lager du store sirkler og beveger fingeren langsomt. Rulleretningen kan reverseres med \'e5 endre bevegelsesretningen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
En \b avansert bevegelse\b0  er en handling som brukeren utf\'f8rer p\'e5 en Synaptics TouchPad-f\'f8ler, som gjenkjennes av vertsenheten slik at en bestemt funksjon blir utf\'f8rt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
En \b Flikk\b0 -bevegelse er \'e5 plassere to lett atskilte fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten, f\'f8re dem p\'e5 tvers av TouchPad-en i en rett, kontinuerlig bevegelse, og deretter l\'f8fte begge fingrene samtidig bort fra TouchPad-overflaten. Handlingen som startes av flikkebevegelsen, er programspesifikk. I Internet Explorer er for eksempel et venstreflikk \'e5 bla tilbake.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate\b0 -bevegelsen roterer det merkede objektet trinnvis 90 grader med klokken eller mot klokken. ChiralRotate-bevegelsen fungerer bare i programmer som st\'f8tter dette.\par
\par
Start ChiralRotate ved \'e5 plassere fingeren i den venstre vertikale sonen p\'e5 TouchPad-en, og flytt fingeren i en sirkel. Det merkede objektet roteres trinnvis 90 grader i programmer som st\'f8tter dette.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver kniping\b0  for \'e5 aktivere funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver ChiralRotate\b0  for \'e5 aktivere funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver flikk\b0  for \'e5 aktivere funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstrasjon av hvordan du bruker knipebevegelsen, klikker du \b Vis video\b0 -knappen under avmerkingsboksen \b Aktiver kniping\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstrasjon av hvordan du bruker ChiralRotate-bevegelsen, klikker du \b Vis video\b0 -knappen under avmerkingsboksen \b Aktiver ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstrasjon av hvordan du bruker flikkebevegelsen, klikker du \b Vis video\b0 -knappen under avmerkingsboksen \b Aktiver flikk\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstrasjon av hvordan du bruker Momentum-bevegelsen, velger du \b Vis video\b0 -knappen under avmerkingsboksen \b Aktiver Momentum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
Virtuell rulling er et nyskapende alternativ til tradisjonelle rullemetoder. Virtuell rulling bruker rullefeltet automatisk slik at du ikke trenger \'e5 flytte pekeren bort fra arbeidet.\par
\par
Virtuell rulling fungerer med de fleste vinduer som kan rulles, for eksempel tekstbehandlingsdokumenter, regneark og store digitale bilder. Det fungerer ogs\'e5 med andre elementer som kan rulles, for eksempel fillister og skriftlister.\par
\par
Line\'e6r rulling, en del av virtuell rulling, gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 rulle p\'e5 vanlig m\'e5te.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-rulling, en unik type virtuell rulling, gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 rulle kontinuerlig med \'e9n, jevn sirkelbevegelse. Rullehastigheten styres av hastigheten p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen. Hvis du vil rulle hurtig, tegner du sm\'e5 sirkler. Hvis du vil rulle langsomt, tegner du store sirkler og flytter fingeren langsomt. Du kan reversere rulleretningen ved \'e5 endre bevegelsesretningen.\par
\par
Slik bruker du line\'e6r, virtuell rulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 -ikonet, eller dobbeltklikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg \b rulling over lang avstand\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klikk alternativknappen \b Line\'e6r rulling\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
6.\tab Skyv fingeren opp eller ned langs h\'f8yre kant av TouchPad-en i \'f8nsket rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du ChiralMotion for \'e5 rulle vertikalt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 -ikonet, eller dobbeltklikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg \b rulling over lang avstand\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klikk alternativknappen \b ChiralMotion-rulling\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
6.\tab Plasser fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad-en n\'e6r midten av h\'f8yre kant.\par
7.\tab Skyv fingeren opp eller ned i \'f8nsket rulleretning, og start deretter en sirkelbevegelse. Fingeren kan forskyve seg mot midten av TouchPad-en n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer en bevegelse med eller mot klokken.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du line\'e6r, horisontal rulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 -ikonet, eller dobbeltklikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg \b rulling over lang avstand\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klikk alternativknappen \b Line\'e6r rulling\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
6.\tab Skyv fingeren til venstre eller h\'f8yre langs nedre kant av TouchPad-en i \'f8nsket rulleretning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du ChiralMotion for \'e5 rulle horisontalt:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 -ikonet, eller dobbeltklikk \b Virtuell rulling\b0 .\par
3.\tab Velg \b rulling over lang avstand\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klikk alternativknappen \b ChiralMotion-rulling\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
6.\tab Plasser fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad-en n\'e6r midten av nedre kant.\par
7.\tab Skyv fingeren til venstre eller h\'f8yre i \'f8nsket rulleretning, og start deretter en sirkelbevegelse. Fingeren kan forskyve seg mot midten av TouchPad-en n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer en bevegelse med eller mot klokken.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis det ikke er respons ved virtuell rulling, kontrollerer du at det er merket av for \b aktivering av rulling\b0  og at vinduet eller elementet du har klikket, kan rulles. Hvis du fremdeles har problemer, kontrollerer du innstillingene for \b rulleomr\'e5de\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstrasjon av hvordan du bruker virtuell rulling, velger du \b Vis video\b0 -knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Hvis du vil se en demonstrasjon av hvordan du bruker \b Flikk\b0 -bevegelsen, velger du \b Vis video\b0 -knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke vertikale flikkebevegelser, merker du av for \b Aktiver vertikal flikking\b0 . Plasser to fingre lett atskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-en og f\'f8r dem opp eller ned. N\'e5r du er ferdig, l\'f8fter du dem for \'e5 utf\'f8re en programspesifikk funksjon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Hvis du vil bruke vertikale flikkebevegelser, merker du av for \b Aktiver horisontal flikking\b0 . Plasser to fingre lett atskilt p\'e5 TouchPad-en og f\'f8r dem mot h\'f8yre eller venstre. N\'e5r du er ferdig, l\'f8fter du dem for \'e5 utf\'f8re en programspesifikk funksjon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Klikk \b Vis video\b0  -knappen for \'e5 vise hvordan det fungerer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
I \b egenskapsvinduet\b0  kan du tilpasse innstillingene for pekeenheten. Bruk menytreet til venstre for \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til funksjonene som kan tilpasses. Dette inkluderer alternativer for peking med \'e9n finger og rulling, samt bevegelse med flere fingre for \'e5 manipulere dokumenter, objekter og programmer.\par
\par
\b Bruke vinduet for egenskaper \b0\par
Klikk en funksjon i menytreet for \'e5 vise en side med beskrivelser og innstillinger for funksjonen. Noen funksjoner har flere sider med innstillinger. Klikk + (plusstegnet) ved siden av en funksjon for \'e5 vise alle relaterte sider. Innstillingene vises i vinduet til h\'f8yre for menytreet. Informasjon om disse alternativene og instruksjoner om hvordan du endrer dem, vises i denne informasjonsboksen. Du kan bruke rullefeltet til \'e5 vise innholdet i informasjonsboksen.\par
\par
\b Standarder-knapp \b0\par
Med \b Standarder\b0  -knappen returneres alle innstillinger p\'e5 den gjeldende siden til fabrikkinnstillingene.\par
\par
\b OK-knapp \b0\par
\b OK\b0  -knappen lagrer endringene og lukker Egenskaper-vinduet.\par
\par
\b Avbryt-knapp \b0\par
\b Avbryt\b0  -knappen lukker Egenskaper-vinduet uten \'e5 lagre endringer, og tilbakestiller til alle tidligere innstillinger.\par
\par
\b Bruk-knapp \b0\par
\b Bruk\b0  -knappen lagrer endringene, men beholder Egenskaper-vinduet \'e5pent slik at du kan gj\'f8re flere endringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
P\'e5 siden for \b Peke\b0  -innstillinger kan du angi hvordan pekeren svarer p\'e5 peke- og valghandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver Momentum\b0  for \'e5 bruke funksjonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
Med funksjonen \b Innskrenket bevegelse\b0  kan du p\'e5tvinge bare vannrett eller loddrett bevegelse av pekeren p\'e5 skjermen. Denne funksjonen er mest nyttig n\'e5r du bruker et tegneprogram. Du aktiverer innskrenket bevegelse ved \'e5 trykke og holde nede en bestemt tast mens du beveger pekeren. N\'e5r tasten trykkes, bestemmer den opprinnelige retningen for pekeren den tillatte retningen for bevegelse s\'e5 lenge som fingeren holdes p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
Slik bruker du innskrenket bevegelse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk av for Aktiver innskrenket bevegelse for \'e5 aktivere alternativene i listen.\par
2.\tab Velg en tast fra listen for \'e5 aktivere innskrenket bevegelse.\par
3.\tab Trykk og hold nede den valgte tasten n\'e5r du vil innskrenke pekerbevegelsen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Rulling \b0\par
Med rullefunksjonene kan du styre rullefeltene for det valgte vinduet automatisk. Du trenger ikke flytte pekeren vekk fra arbeidet. Rullefunksjonene fungerer med de fleste vinduer som kan rulles, for eksempel dokumenter, regneark, store digitale bilder og andre elementer som kan rulles, for eksempel fillister og skriftlister.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Omvendt rulleretning \b0\par
Med funksjonen \b Omvendt rulleretning\b0  kan du endre standard virkem\'e5te for rulling. Standard rulling flytter rullefeltet i samme retning som fingerbevegelsen. Funksjonen for omvendt rulleretning beveger dokumentet eller objektet i samme retning som fingerbevegelsen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver omvendt rulleretning.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
Med glidebryteren for \b rullehastighet\b0  kan du justere hastigheten p\'e5 rullingen. Dra glidebryteren til h\'f8yre for raskere rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
Med funksjonen ChiralScrolling\'99 kan du rulle kontinuerlig med \'e9n, jevn sirkelbevegelse. Rullehastigheten styres av hastigheten p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver ChiralScrolling.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser en finger p\'e5 m\'e5lsonen. Hvis du vil rulle opp eller ned, er m\'e5lsonen p\'e5 h\'f8yre side av TouchPad. Hvis du vil rulle mot venstre eller h\'f8yre, er m\'e5lsonen den nedre kanten av TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Flytt fingeren i den retningen du vil rulle, og begynn \'e5 flytte fingeren med eller mot klokken. N\'e5r ChiralScrolling startes, kan fingeren din forskyve seg hvor som helst p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer en sirkelbevegelse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
MERKNAD: Hvis du vil endre retningen p\'e5 rullingen, kan du ganske enkelt bruke omvendt retning p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen. Du begynner \'e5 rulle i motsatt retning.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Hvis du vil stoppe rullingen og g\'e5 tilbake til pekemodus, l\'f8fter du fingeren opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Rulle med \'e9n finger \b0\par
Du kan rulle vertikalt og horisontalt.\par
\par
Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle, og skyv fingeren opp eller ned langs h\'f8yre kant av TouchPad for \'e5 rulle vertikalt. Skyv fingeren mot venstre eller h\'f8yre langs nedre kant av TouchPad for \'e5 rulle horisontalt.\par
\par
Hvis det ikke er respons ved rulling, kontrollerer du at det er merket av for riktig avmerkingsboks, og at vinduet eller elementet du har klikket, kan rulles. Hvis du fremdeles har problemer, kontrollerer du innstillingene for \b rulleomr\'e5de.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Diagrammet ovenfor viser overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad. Det skraverte omr\'e5det i diagrammet viser rulleomr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du plasserer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad, vises pilen langs kanten av TouchPad-diagrammet for \'e5 vise fingerens posisjon. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt rulleomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad, f\'e5r det tilsvarende rulleomr\'e5det i diagrammet en heldekkende farge. Du kan gj\'f8re rulleomr\'e5dene st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra en av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene langs kanten av det skraverte omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du har problemer med \'e5 utl\'f8se rulling, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 gj\'f8re rulleomr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene p\'e5 det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis rulling utl\'f8ses for lett, kan du pr\'f8ve \'e5 gj\'f8re rulleomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis rulleomr\'e5dene er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, m\'e5 du kontrollere at rullefunksjonen er aktivert.\par
\par
Slik aktiverer du rulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b Rulling\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Velg \'f8nsket metode for rulling, og aktiver vertikal eller horisontal rulling.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt \b0\par
Merk av for denne boksen for \'e5 aktivere horisontal rulling i vinduer som har horisontale rullefelt. Hvis du skyver fingeren mot venstre eller h\'f8yre langs den nedre kanten av TouchPad, rulles det valgte vinduet eller elementet horisontalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt \b0\par
Merk av for denne boksen for \'e5 aktivere vertikal rulling. Hvis du skyver fingeren opp eller ned langs den h\'f8yre kanten av TouchPad, rulles det valgte vinduet eller elementet vertikalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Rulle med to fingre \b0\par
Med funksjonen Rulle med to fingre kan du rulle vertikalt eller horisontalt og starte rulling hvor som helst p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten. Plasser ganske enkelt to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad, og skyv dem deretter i \'f8nsket retning. Du trenger ikke v\'e6re i et rulleomr\'e5de for \'e5 rulle.\par
\par
Slik bruker du rulling med to fingre:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten. Fingrene m\'e5 v\'e6re lett atskilt.\par
2.\tab Bruk en rett, kontinuerlig bevegelse, og skyv begge fingrene i \'f8nsket retning.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft begge fingrene opp fra TouchPad-overflaten for \'e5 stoppe rullingen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt \b0\par
Merk av for denne boksen for \'e5 aktivere horisontal rulling i vinduer som har horisontale rullefelt. Hvis du skyver to fingre mot venstre eller h\'f8yre p\'e5 TouchPad, rulles det valgte vinduet eller elementet horisontalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt \b0\par
Merk av for denne boksen for \'e5 aktivere vertikal rulling. Hvis du skyver to fingre opp eller ned p\'e5 TouchPad, rulles det valgte vinduet eller elementet vertikalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
\b Vandrefunksjonen\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 enkelt rulle gjennom lange dokumenter. Med vandrefunksjonen fortsetter rulling etter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren opp fra TouchPad-overflaten. Hvis du vil bruke vandrefunksjonen, flytter og l\'f8fter du fingeren med \'e9n, jevn bevegelse. Hvis du vil stoppe vandrebevegelsen, plasserer du fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Knipezooming \b0\par
Knipezooming gir zoomefunksjonalitet i mange programmer. Du kan bruke knipezooming til \'e5 utf\'f8re de samme funksjonene som et rullehjul utf\'f8rer i standard Windows-programmer som st\'f8tter zoomefunksjonalitet med CTRL-RULLEHJUL.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Knipezooming.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du knipezooming:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene lenger fra hverandre for \'e5 zoome inn eller tettere sammen for \'e5 zoome ut. Bruk fingertuppene for beste zooming.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
\b Rotere\b0  -funksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 rotere bilder eller andre objekter med praktiske bevegelser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Trykk med tre fingre \b0\par
Med Trykk med tre fingre f\'e5r du en snarvei til \'e5 starte et bestemt program eller flere bestemte programmer.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Trykk med tre fingre.\b0  Hvis du vil tilpasse hvilke programmer som startes, klikker du \b Konfigurer.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du Trykk med tre fingre-funksjonen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten. Pass p\'e5 at det er litt avstand mellom fingrene.\par
2.\tab Hold fingrene rolig til programmet eller programmene startes.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Flikk med tre fingre \b0\par
\par
Flikk med tre fingre forbedrer navigasjon for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke Flikk med tre fingre til \'e5 s\'f8ke p\'e5 Internett eller rulle gjennom bilder i et bildevisningsvindu. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruke Flikk med tre fingre for \'e5 \'e5pne eller avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Flikk med tre fingre.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du Flikk med tre fingre til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre, lett atskilt, p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Flikk fingrene med en line\'e6r, kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning, og flytt dem fra den ene siden av TouchPad til motsatt side.\par
3.\tab Hvis du skyver fingrene mot h\'f8yre eller venstre med en horisontal fingerbevegelse, blar du fremover eller bakover i et bildevisningsprogram eller et Internett-leservindu.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis du vil bruke Flikk med tre fingre, skyver du fingrene vertikalt. Skyv fingrene oppover for \'e5 starte lysbildefremvisningsmodus. Skyv fingrene nedover for \'e5 avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b H\'e5ndflate p\'e5 plate \b0\par
Med H\'e5ndflate p\'e5 plate kan du t\'f8mme skrivebordet ved \'e5 minimere alle \'e5pne vinduer. Hvis du gjentar handlingen, gjenopprettes vinduene.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver H\'e5ndflate p\'e5 plate.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du H\'e5ndflate p\'e5 plate:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser \i h\'e6len\i0 p\'e5 tommelen p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Hold h\'e5nden rolig til skrivebordsvinduene er minimert eller gjenopprettet.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft h\'e5nden opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b\'d8ve p\'e5 rulling \b0\par
Klikk \b\'f8vingsknappen\b0  for \'e5 kj\'f8re rulleoppl\'e6ringen. En enkel labyrint vil l\'e6re deg hvordan du bruker rulling.\par
\par
Unders\'f8k labyrinten f\'f8r du begynner, for \'e5 finne start- og sluttpunktene. Du kan ikke se hele labyrinten fordi den er st\'f8rre enn vinduet som viser den. Rull for \'e5 flytte visningen av labyrinten i vinduet. Hold nede Ctrl-tasten og bruk rulling for \'e5 endre st\'f8rrelse p\'e5 labyrinten.\par
\par
En gul prikk i \'f8vre, venstre hj\'f8rne av labyrinten markerer inngangen til labyrinten. En bl\'e5 prikk p\'e5 h\'f8yre side av labyrinten markerer utgangen.\par
\par
Slik \'f8ver du p\'e5 rulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klikk den r\'f8de firkanten i den gule prikken for \'e5 begynne.\par
2.\tab Bruk piltastene eller trykk TouchPad for \'e5 navigere gjennom labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Bruk \'f8nsket rullemetode for \'e5 flytte visningen av labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Klikk Lukk i \'f8velsesvinduet for rulling n\'e5r du har n\'e5dd den bl\'e5 prikken i nedre, h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b HP MediaSmart M-bevegelse \b0\par
Programmet HP MediaSmart kan startes ved \'e5 utf\'f8re M-bevegelse p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver HP MediaSmart M-bevegelse.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du denne bevegelsen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Trykk to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten, og plasser dem umiddelbart ned igjen.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene med en stor M-bevegelse.\par
3.\tab Programmet HP MediaSmart startes.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Pekeforbedringer\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 angi hvordan mark\'f8ren svarer p\'e5 pekehandlingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Programbevegelser gir snarveier til ofte brukte programmer og funksjoner. Datamaskinens svar p\'e5 disse bevegelsene kan v\'e6re programspesifikke.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 er utformet for \'e5 forenkle pekerbevegelser over lange avstander. N\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten av TouchPad, vil pekeren fortsette \'e5 bevege seg i samme retning til du l\'f8fter fingeren. Velg ett av EdgeMotion-alternativene.\par
\par
Rullefunksjonene st\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion. Hvis du vil bruke EdgeMotion mens du ruller, merker du av for \b Aktiver EdgeMotion ved rulling\b0  under \b Rulle med \'e9n finger\b0  eller \b Rulle med to fingre\b0  under \b Rulling\b0  i menytreet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Merk av for \b Aktiver EdgeMotion ved rulling\b0  hvis du vil at rullingen skal fortsette n\'e5r fingrene n\'e5r kanten av TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Innstillingene for \b F\'f8lsomhet\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 tilpasse m\'e5ten TouchPad svarer p\'e5 bevegelser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
\b Vandrefunksjonen\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 enkelt rulle gjennom lange dokumenter. Med vandrefunksjonen fortsetter rulling etter at du har l\'f8ftet fingrene opp fra TouchPad-overflaten. Hvis du vil bruke vandrefunksjonen, flytter og l\'f8fter du fingrene med \'e9n, jevn bevegelse. Hvis du vil stoppe vandrebevegelsen, plasserer du fingrene p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Pivotrotering \b0\par
Med Pivotrotering kan du rotere objekter, for eksempel et bilde, en PDF-fil eller et annet valgt objekt, med en trinnvis \'f8kning p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Pivotrotering.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du Pivotrotering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser \'e9n finger i nedre, venstre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad, og hold den stille.\par
2.\tab Plasser en annen finger n\'e6r midten av TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Skyv den andre fingeren med en sirkelbevegelse rundt den f\'f8rste fingeren. Pass p\'e5 at avstanden mellom de to fingrene forblir den samme mens du utf\'f8rer sirkelbevegelsen. Skyv med eller mot klokken for \'e5 rotere det valgte objektet i \'f8nsket retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Pivot i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne \b0\par
Hvis du vil bruke Pivotrotering i nedre, h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad, merker du av for \b Pivot i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne.\b0  Det kan v\'e6re mer behagelig \'e5 bruke det h\'f8yre hj\'f8rnet av TouchPad n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer denne bevegelsen med venstre h\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
ChiralRotate\'99 roterer det valgte objektet i trinn p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for Aktiver ChiralRotate. V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at ChiralRotate bare fungerer med st\'f8ttede programmer.\par
\par
Slik bruker du ChiralRotate:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser \'e9n finger p\'e5 den venstre m\'e5lsonen i TouchPad.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingeren oppover eller nedover, og begynn \'e5 lage en sirkelbevegelse. Hvis du vil rotere objektet med klokken, flytter du fingeren i sirkler med klokken. Hvis du vil rotere objektet mot klokken, flytter du fingeren i sirkler mot klokken.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren fra TouchPad-overflaten for \'e5 g\'e5 tilbake til pekemodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 TouchPad av \b0\par
\par
Hvis du ikke vil bruke TouchPad, kan du sl\'e5 den av. Plasser \'e9n finger i \'f8vre, venstre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad, og hold den stille et lite \'f8yeblikk. TouchPad blir sl\'e5tt av. TouchPad-ikonet i systemstatusfeltet endres for \'e5 vise at TouchPad ikke er tilgjengelig for bruk.\par
\par
Hvis du vil sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad igjen, ber\'f8rer du \'f8vre, h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 nytt. Ikonet i systemstatusfeltet vises som aktivert.\par
\par
Velg \'f8nsket alternativ for \'e5 angi hvor lenge TouchPad skal v\'e6re av.\par
\par
Alternativet \b Sl\'e5 TouchPad av\b0  gj\'f8r at TouchPad er av til du gjenoppretter den for bruk ved \'e5 ber\'f8re \'f8vre, venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
\b Alternativet Sl\'e5 TouchPad av i \'e9n \'f8kt\b0  sl\'e5r TouchPad av i \'e9n p\'e5loggings\'f8kt. TouchPad gjenopprettes automatisk neste gang du logger p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Flikk med to fingre \b0\par
\par
Flikk med to fingre forbedrer navigasjon for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke Flikk med to fingre til \'e5 s\'f8ke p\'e5 Internett eller rulle gjennom bilder i et bildevisningsvindu. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruke Flikk med to fingre for \'e5 \'e5pne eller avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Flikk med to fingre.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du Flikk med to fingre til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser to fingre, lett atskilt, p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Flikk fingrene med en line\'e6r, kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning, og flytt dem fra den ene siden av TouchPaden til motsatt side.\par
3.\tab Hvis du skyver fingrene mot h\'f8yre eller venstre med en horisontal fingerbevegelse, blar du fremover eller bakover i et bildevisningsprogram eller et Internett-leservindu.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis du vil bruke Flikk med to fingre, skyver du fingrene vertikalt. Skyv fingrene oppover for \'e5 starte lysbildefremvisningsmodus. Skyv fingrene nedover for \'e5 avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Flikk med to fingre \b0\par
\par
Flikk med to fingre forbedrer navigasjon for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke Flikk med to fingre til \'e5 s\'f8ke p\'e5 Internett eller rulle gjennom bilder i et bildevisningsvindu.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Flikk med to fingre horisontalt.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du Flikk med to fingre til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser to fingre, lett atskilt, p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Flikk fingrene horisontalt med en kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning, og flytt dem fra den ene siden av TouchPaden til motsatt side.\par
3.\tab Skyver fingrene mot h\'f8yre eller venstre med en horisontal fingerbevegelse, for \'e5 bla fremover eller bakover i et bildevisningsprogram eller et Internett-leservindu.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Flikk med to fingre \b0\par
\par
Flikk med to fingre forbedrer navigasjon for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke bevegelsen Flikk med to fingre for \'e5 \'e5pne eller avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Flikk med to fingre vertikalt.\b0\par
\par
Slik bruker du Flikk med to fingre til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser to fingre, lett atskilt, p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene vertikalt med en rett kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning.\par
3.\tab Skyv fingrene oppover for \'e5 starte lysbildefremvisningsmodus eller nedover for \'e5 avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b Flikk med tre fingre horisontalt \b0\par
\par
Bevegelsen Flikk med tre fingre horisontalt forbedrer navigasjonen for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke Flikk med tre fingre horisontalt til \'e5 s\'f8ke p\'e5 Internett eller rulle gjennom bilder i et bildevisningsvindu.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Flikk med tre fingre horisontalt\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du bevegelsen Flikk med tre fingre horisontalt til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre, lett atskilt, p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Flikk fingrene horisontalt med en kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning, og flytt dem fra den ene siden av TouchPaden til motsatt side.\par
3.\tab Skyver fingrene mot h\'f8yre eller venstre med en horisontal fingerbevegelse, for \'e5 bla fremover eller bakover i et bildevisningsprogram eller et Internett-leservindu.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Flikk med tre fingre vertikalt\b0\par
\par
Bevegelsen Flikk med tre fingre vertikalt forbedrer navigasjonen for en rekke programmer. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruke bevegelsen Flikk med tre fingre vertikalt for \'e5 \'e5pne eller avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Flikk med tre fingre vertikalt\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du bevegelsen Flikk med tre fingre vertikalt til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre, lett atskilt, p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene vertikalt med en rett kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning.\par
3.\tab Skyv fingrene oppover for \'e5 starte lysbildefremvisningsmodus eller nedover for \'e5 avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Sirkelrulling\b0\par
Med funksjonen Sirkelrulling kan du rulle kontinuerlig med \'e9n, jevn sirkelbevegelse. Rullehastigheten styres av hastigheten p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Sirkelrulling\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du sirkelrulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser en finger p\'e5 \i m\'e5lsonen\i0 . Hvis du vil rulle opp eller ned, er m\'e5lsonen langs h\'f8yre side av TouchPad-en. Hvis du vil rulle mot venstre eller h\'f8yre, er m\'e5lsonen langs den nedre kanten av TouchPad-en.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingeren i den retningen du vil rulle, og begynn \'e5 flytte fingeren i en sirkel med eller mot klokken. N\'e5r Sirkelrulling startes, kan fingeren din forskyve seg hvor som helst p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer en sirkelbevegelse.\par
\pard\tx180\par
MERKNAD: Hvis du vil endre retningen p\'e5 rullingen, kan du ganske enkelt bruke omvendt retning p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen. Du begynner \'e5 rulle i motsatt retning.\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
3.\tab Hvis du vil stoppe rullingen og g\'e5 tilbake til pekemodus, l\'f8fter du fingeren opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b Autorulling\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 enkelt rulle gjennom lange dokumenter med ett enkelt fingerstr\'f8k. Rullingen fortsetter etter at du har l\'f8ftet fingeren opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\par
Slik bruker du Autorulling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle.\par
2.\tab Skyv en finger langs rulleomr\'e5det p\'e5 TouchPad-en, i rulleretningen. Hvis du vil rulle opp eller ned, er rulleomr\'e5det langs h\'f8yre side. Hvis du vil mot venstre eller h\'f8yre, er rulleomr\'e5det langs nedre side.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis Autorulling ikke fungerer, kontrollerer du innstillingene for \b rulleomr\'e5de\b0 . Hvis du fremdeles har problemer med \'e5 bruke Autorulling, kontrollerer du at vinduet eller elementet du klikket, kan rulles.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
\b Roter\b0 -funksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 rotere bilder eller andre objekter med praktiske bevegelser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Mine favoritter-bevegelse\b0\par
Med Mine favoritter-bevegelsen f\'e5r du en snarvei til \'e5 starte et bestemt program eller flere bestemte programmer.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Mine favoritter-bevegelse\b0 . Hvis du vil tilpasse hvilke programmer som startes, klikker du \b Konfigurer\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du denne bevegelsen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten. Pass p\'e5 at det er litt avstand mellom fingrene.\par
2.\tab Hold fingrene rolig til programmet eller programmene startes.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Flikk \b0\par
Flikkebevegelsen forbedrer navigasjonen for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke flikkebevegelsen til \'e5 s\'f8ke p\'e5 Internett eller rulle gjennom bilder i et bildevisningsvindu. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruke flikkebevegelsen for \'e5 \'e5pne eller avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver flikk\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du flikkebevegelsen til navigasjon:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten. Pass p\'e5 at det er litt avstand mellom fingrene\par
2.\tab Flikk fingrene med en line\'e6r, kontinuerlig bevegelse i \'f8nsket retning, og flytt dem fra den ene siden av TouchPaden til motsatt side.\par
3.\tab Hvis du skyver fingrene mot h\'f8yre eller venstre med en horisontal fingerbevegelse, blar du fremover eller bakover i et bildevisningsprogram eller et Internett-leservindu.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Slik bruker du flikkebevegelsen til lysbildefremvisningsmodus:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Skyv fingrene oppover for \'e5 starte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene nedover for \'e5 avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Vis skrivebordet-bevegelse\b0\par
Med Vis skrivebordet-bevegelsen kan du t\'f8mme skrivebordet ved \'e5 minimere alle \'e5pne vinduer. Hvis du gjentar handlingen, gjenopprettes vinduene.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Vis skrivebordet-bevegelse\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du Vis skrivebordet-bevegelsen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser \i h\'e6len \i0 p\'e5 tommelen p\'e5 TouchPad-overflaten.\par
2.\tab Hold h\'e5nden rolig til skrivebordsvinduene er minimert eller gjenopprettet.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft h\'e5nden opp fra TouchPad-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoomsone\b0\par
Med Zoomsone-funksjonen kan du bruke venstre side av TouchPad-en til \'e5 zoome inn eller ut p\'e5 elementet i det aktive vinduet. Zoomsone-funksjonen utf\'f8rer de samme zoomefunksjonene som et rullehjul utf\'f8rer i standard Windows-programmer som st\'f8tter CTRL-RULLEHJUL.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Zoomsone\b0 .\par
\par
\b Slik zoomer du inn:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser en finger p\'e5 TouchPad-en n\'e6r nedre venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingeren opp mot \'f8vre venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
3.\tab Gjenta til \'f8nsket forst\'f8rrelsesniv\'e5 er n\'e5dd.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Slik zoomer du ut:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser en finger p\'e5 TouchPad-en n\'e6r \'f8vre venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingeren ned mot nedre venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
3.\tab Gjenta til \'f8nsket forst\'f8rrelsesniv\'e5 er n\'e5dd.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b TouchCheck\b0  beskytter mot utilsiktet bruk av TouchPad-en. TouchCheck gj\'f8r det mulig for TouchPad-en \'e5 gjenkjenne om h\'e5ndflaten hviler p\'e5 den eller ber\'f8rer overflaten n\'e5r du skriver. Dette hundrer u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser og klikk.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad-en for\'e5rsaker u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser eller klikk, \'f8ker du TouchCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b Maksimum\b0 . Hvis TouchPad-en ikke registrerer \'f8nskede bevegelser eller trykk, reduserer du TouchCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b Minimum\b0 . Det er mest sannsynlig at bevegelser eller trykk ikke registreres hvis glidebryteren er i det r\'f8de omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Roter\b0\par
Med Roter-bevegelsen kan du rotere elementer, for eksempel et bilde, en PDF-fil eller et annet valgt element, med en trinnvis \'f8kning p\'e5 90 grader.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver Rotering\b0 .\par
\par
Slik bruker du Roter-bevegelsen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser \'e9n finger i nedre, venstre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad, og hold den stille.\par
2.\tab Plasser en annen finger n\'e6r midten av TouchPad.\par
3.\tab Skyv den andre fingeren med en sirkelbevegelse rundt den f\'f8rste fingeren. Pass p\'e5 at avstanden mellom de to fingrene forblir den samme mens du utf\'f8rer sirkelbevegelsen. Skyv med eller mot klokken for \'e5 rotere det valgte objektet i \'f8nsket retning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b H\'f8yre hj\'f8rne-rotering\b0\par
Hvis du vil bruke Roter-funksjonen i nedre h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad-en, merker du av for \b H\'f8yre hj\'f8rne-rotering\b0 . Det kan v\'e6re mer behagelig \'e5 bruke det h\'f8yre hj\'f8rnet av TouchPad n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer denne bevegelsen med venstre h\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoomehastighet\b0\par
Glidebryterkontrollene for zoomehastighet styrer hvor raskt vinduet zoomer inn som svar p\'e5 fingerbevegelse i zoomeomr\'e5det.\par
\par
Hvis du vil zoome langsommere, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Langsom\b0 .\par
Hvis du vil zoome raskere, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Rask\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
 ClickZones fungerer p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som fysiske knapper. Det er to ClickZones langs nedre kant av ClickPad-en. Trykk p\'e5 en ClickZone er det samme som \'e5 klikke h\'f8yre eller venstre knapp. Merk av for alternativet \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0  for \'e5 bruke ClickZones.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, m\'e5 du aktivere \b trykking \b0 eller bruke en ekstern mus til \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk p\'e5 prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rknapp.\par
\par
Venstre ClickZone utf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklikk. H\'f8yre ClickZone utf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklikk. Hvis du vil endre innstillingene, velger du \b Venstreklikk\b0  eller \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0  og konfigurerer slik du vil.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
ClickZones fungerer p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som fysiske knapper. Det er tre ClickZones langs nedre kan av ClickPad: venstre, midterste og h\'f8yre. N\'e5r du trykker ClickZones, fungerer det p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som n\'e5r du trykker en knapp. Merk av for alternativet \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0  for \'e5 bruke ClickZones.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, m\'e5 du aktivere \b trykking \b0 eller bruke en ekstern mus til \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk p\'e5 prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rknapp.\par
\par
Venstre ClickZone utf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklikk. H\'f8yre ClickZone utf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklikk. Midterste ClickZone fungerer p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som den midterste knappen. Hvis du vil endre innstillingene, velger du \b Venstreklikk\b0, \b Klikk midterste knapp \b0 eller \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0, og konfigurerer slik du vil.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
Du kan velge en handling fra listen som skal tilordnes venstre ClickZone.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
Du kan velge en handling fra listen som skal tilordnes midterste ClickZone.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
Du kan velge en handling fra listen som skal tilordnes h\'f8yre ClickZone.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
ClickZones fungerer p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som fysiske knapper. Det er to ClickZones langs nedre kant av ClickPad-en. Trykk p\'e5 en ClickZone er det samme som \'e5 klikke h\'f8yre eller venstre knapp. Merk av for alternativet \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0  for \'e5 bruke ClickZones.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, kan du aktivere de fysiske knappene til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rklikk. Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones eller de fysiske knappene, m\'e5 du aktivere \b Trykkesoner\b0  (under menytreet for \b trykking\b0 ) eller bruke en ekstern mus til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rklikk.\par
\par
Venstre ClickZone og fysiske knapp utf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklikk. H\'f8yre ClickZone og fysiske knapp utf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklikk. Hvis du vil endre innstillingene, velger du \b Venstreklikk\b0  eller \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0  og konfigurerer slik du vil.\par
\par
Klikk \b Vis video\b0  for \'e5 vise hvordan du bruker ClickZones.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
ClickZones fungerer p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som fysiske knapper. Det er tre ClickZones langs nedre kan av ClickPad: venstre, midterste og h\'f8yre. N\'e5r du trykker ClickZones, fungerer det p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som n\'e5r du trykker venstre, midterste eller h\'f8yre knapp. Merk av for alternativet \b Aktiver ClickZones\b0  for \'e5 bruke ClickZones.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones, kan du aktivere de fysiske knappene til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rklikk. Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickZones eller de fysiske knappene, m\'e5 du aktivere \b Trykkesoner \b0 (under menytreet for \b trykking\b0 ) eller bruke en ekstern mus til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rklikk.\par
\par
Venstre ClickZone og knapp utf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklikk. H\'f8yre ClickZone og knapp utf\'f8rer et sekund\'e6rklikk. Hvis du vil endre innstillingene, velger du \b Venstreklikk\b0  eller \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0  og konfigurerer slik du vil.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
Du kan velge en handling fra listen som skal tilordnes venstre ClickZone. Alternativet du velger for venstre ClickZone, tilordnes automatisk til venstre knapp. Hvis du for eksempel vil bytte handlingen for venstre og h\'f8yre ClickZones, velger du \b Sekund\'e6rklikk\b0 . Pass p\'e5 at du endrer handlingen for h\'f8yre ClickZone til et \b Prim\'e6rklikk\b0  for \'e5 fullf\'f8re endringen.\par
\par
Mange handlinger krever ikke ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres Konfigurer-knappen eller det vises en konfigurasjonsdialogoks. Klikk \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
Klikk \b Vis video\b0  for \'e5 vise hvordan du bruker venstre ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
Du kan velge en handling fra listen som skal tilordnes midterste ClickZone. Alternativet du velger for h\'f8yre ClickZone, tilordnes automatisk til midterste, fysiske knapp (hvis det finnes en midterste, fysisk knapp). Hvis du for eksempel velger \'e5 \b hoppe til Start-knappen\b0 , vil et klikk p\'e5 midterste knappen f\'f8re til at pekeren hopper til \b Start\b0 -knappen p\'e5 oppgavelinjen i Windows og automatisk \'e5pner \b Start-menyen\b0 .\par
\par
Mange handlinger krever ikke ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en konfigurasjonsdialogboks. Klikk \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
Klikk Vis video for \'e5 vise hvordan du bruker midterste ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
Du kan velge en handling fra listen som skal tilordnes h\'f8yre ClickZone. Alternativet du velger for h\'f8yre ClickZone, tilordnes automatisk til h\'f8yre, fysiske knapp. Hvis du for eksempel vil bytte handlingen for venstre og h\'f8yre ClickZones, velger du \b Prim\'e6rklikk\b0 . Pass p\'e5 at du endrer handlingen for h\'f8yre ClickZone til et \b Sekund\'e6rklikk\b0  for \'e5 fullf\'f8re endringen.\par
\par
Mange handlinger krever ikke ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en konfigurasjonsdialogboks. Klikk \b Konfigurer\b0  n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
Klikk \b Vis video\b0  for \'e5 vise hvordan du bruker h\'f8yre ClickZone.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
ClickButtons-funksjonen gj\'f8r hele ClickPad-overflaten til \'e9n, stor virtuell knapp. Du kan trykke hvor som helst p\'e5 ClickPad-en for \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk p\'e5 prim\'e6rknapp, sekund\'e6rknapp eller midterste knapp. Merk av for alternativet \b Aktiver ClickButtons\b0  for \'e5 bruke denne funksjonen.\par
\par
N\'e5r du trykker ned \'e9n finger, utf\'f8res et prim\'e6rklikk. N\'e5r du trykker ned to fingre, utf\'f8res et sekund\'e6rklikk. N\'e5r du trykker ned tre fingre, utf\'f8res et klikk p\'e5 midterste knapp. Hvis du vil endre innstillingene, velger du \b Klikk med \'e9n finger\b0 , \b Klikk med to fingre \b0 eller \b Klikk med tre fingre\b0 , og konfigurerer slik du vil.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickButtons, m\'e5 du aktivere \b trykking \b0 eller bruke en ekstern mus til \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk p\'e5 prim\'e6rknapp, midterste knapp eller sekund\'e6rknapp.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
Hvis du vil utf\'f8re et klikk med \'e9n finger, trykker du \'e9n finger ned p\'e5 ClickPad-overflaten til du f\'f8ler at den synker ned. Et klikk med \'e9n finger er som standard det samme som \'e5 klikke en prim\'e6rknapp.\par
\par
Hvis du vil endre standardinnstillingen, velger du et alternativ fra listen.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
Hvis du vil utf\'f8re et klikk med to fingre, trykker du to fingre ned p\'e5 ClickPad-overflaten til du f\'f8ler at den synker ned. Et klikk med to fingre er som standard det samme som \'e5 klikke en sekund\'e6rknapp.\par
\par
Hvis du vil endre standardinnstillingen, velger du et alternativ fra listen.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
Hvis du vil utf\'f8re et klikk med tre fingre, trykker du tre fingre ned p\'e5 ClickPad-overflaten til du f\'f8ler at den synker ned. Et klikk med tre fingre er som standard det samme som \'e5 klikke midterste knapp.\par
\par
Hvis du vil endre standardinnstillingen, velger du et alternativ fra listen.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
ClickButtons-funksjonen gj\'f8r hele ClickPad-overflaten til \'e9n, stor virtuell knapp. Du kan trykke hvor som helst for \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk p\'e5 prim\'e6rknapp, sekund\'e6rknapp eller midterste knapp. Merk av for alternativet \b Aktiver ClickButtons\b0  for \'e5 bruke denne funksjonen.\par
\par
N\'e5r du trykker ned \'e9n finger, utf\'f8res et prim\'e6rklikk. N\'e5r du trykker ned to fingre, utf\'f8res et sekund\'e6rklikk. N\'e5r du trykker ned tre fingre, utf\'f8res et klikk p\'e5 midterste knapp. Hvis du vil endre innstillingene, velger du \b Klikk med \'e9n finger\b0 , \b Klikk med to fingre \b0 eller \b Klikk med tre fingre\b0 , og konfigurerer slik du vil.\par
\par
Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickButtons, kan du aktivere de fysiske knappene til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rklikk. Hvis du ikke aktiverer ClickButtons eller de fysiske knappene, m\'e5 du aktivere \b Trykkesoner\b0  (under menytreet for \b trykking\b0 ) eller bruke en ekstern mus til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6r- eller sekund\'e6rklikk.\par
\par
Hvis du vil endre knappeinnstillingene, velger du \b Fysiske knapper\b0  i menytreet, og deretter konfigurerer du \b Venstreklikk\b0  og \b H\'f8yreklikk\b0  slik du vil.\par
\par
Klikk \b Vis video\b0  for \'e5 vise hvordan du bruker ClickButtons.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b TwistRotate \b0\par
Med TwistRotate-bevegelsen kan du rotere elementer, for eksempel bilder, PDF-filer (Portable Document Format) eller andre elementer. Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for \b Aktiver TwistRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\b Slik utf\'f8rer du en TwistRotate-bevegelse: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Merk objektet du vil rotere.\par
2.\tab Plasser to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad-en. Det m\'e5 v\'e6re et lite mellomrom mellom fingrene.\par
3.\tab Skyv fingrene i en bevegelse med eller mot klokken. Bevegelsen er lik \'e5 skru p\'e5 en knapp.\par
4.\tab Gjenta den roterende bevegelsen etter behov.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
Klikk-og-dra-funksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 bruke ClickZones for \'e5 flytte elementer.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Bruk mark\'f8ren til \'e5 merke elementet du vil flytte.\par
2.\tab Trykk ClickZone-en som utf\'f8rer et prim\'e6rklikk. Dette er som standard venstre ClickZone.\par
3.\tab Hold ClickZone nede samtidig som bruker en annen finger til \'e5 dra det merkede elementet til \'f8nsket plassering.\par
4.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren opp fra ClickZone-en n\'e5r du vil frigj\'f8re elementet som du drar.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Hvis du har problemer med \'e5 utf\'f8re Klikk-og-dra-bevegelsen, kontrollerer du at ClickZones er aktivert og at du trykker ClickZone-en som er konfigurert til \'e5 utf\'f8re et prim\'e6rklikk.\par
\par
Velg \b Knapper og ClickZones\b0  i menytreet for \'e5 kontrollere ClickZone-innstillingene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Du kan klikke og dra med \'e9n finger for \'e5 flytte et merket element. Du kan klikke og dra med to fingre for \'e5 utf\'f8re det samme som klikk-og-dra med h\'f8yre, fysiske knapp.\par
\par
\b Slik utf\'f8rer du en Klikk-og-dra-bevegelse med \'e9n finger: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Bruk mark\'f8ren til \'e5 merke elementet du vil flytte.\par
2.\tab Trykk \'e9n finger ned p\'e5 ClickPad-en.\par
3.\tab Hold ClickPad nede samtidig som du drar det merkede elementet til \'f8nsket plassering.\par
4.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren opp fra ClickPad-en n\'e5r du vil frigj\'f8re elementet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Slik utf\'f8rer du en Klikk-og-dra-bevegelse med to fingre: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Bruk mark\'f8ren til \'e5 merke elementet du vil flytte.\par
2.\tab Trykk to fingre ned p\'e5 ClickPad-en.\par
3.\tab Hold ClickPad nede samtidig som du drar det merkede elementet til \'f8nsket plassering.\par
4.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene opp fra ClickPad-en n\'e5r du vil frigj\'f8re elementet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Glidebryteren for \b trykksensitivitet\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 justere hvor mye fingertrykk som m\'e5 brukes f\'f8r Scroll Pad-en reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis Scroll Pad-en reagerer uregelmessig, eller du arbeider i et omr\'e5de med h\'f8y luftfuktighet, reduserer du f\'f8lsomheten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Tung ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du m\'e5 trykke for hardt for \'e5 bruke Scroll Pad-en, \'f8ker du f\'f8lsomheten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot venstre mot \b Lett ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Innstillingene for \b f\'f8lsomhet\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 tilpasse hvordan Scroll Pad-en reagerer p\'e5 ber\'f8ring. Hvis du vil justere innstillingene for f\'f8lsomheten, velger du et element i menytreet for \b f\'f8lsomhet\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 beskytter mot utilsiktet bruk av Scroll Pad-en. PalmCheck gj\'f8r det mulig for Scroll Pad-en \'e5 gjenkjenne om h\'e5ndflaten hviler p\'e5 den eller ber\'f8rer overflaten n\'e5r du skriver. Dette hjelper deg med \'e5 forhindre u\'f8nsket rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
Alternativet \b Aktiver knapp\b0  aktiverer knappen for enheten. Hvis du vil konfigurere handlingen som utf\'f8res n\'e5r du trykker knappen, velger du navnet p\'e5 knappen fra menytreet.\par
\par
N\'e5r det ikke er merket av for \b Aktiver knapp\b0, er knappen deaktivert, og trykking p\'e5 den har ingen effekt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
Velg en handling fra listen ovenfor som skal tilordnes den valgte knappen. Den valgte handlingen utf\'f8res hver gang du trykker knappen.\par
\par
V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at knappen m\'e5 v\'e6re aktivert for \'e5 tilordne en handling til den. Aktiver knappen ved hjelp av fremgangsm\'e5ten nedenfor:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Velg \b Knapp\b0  i menytreet til venstre.\par
2.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver knapp\b0.\par
3.\tab Velg knappen fra \b Knapp\b0  -menytreet for \'e5 g\'e5 tilbake til denne siden.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Med disse alternativene kan du angi hvilket vindu eller element som skal rulles n\'e5r du bruker Rulle.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
I noen programmer kan du angi graden av rotering. Alternativet du velger i feltet for \b graden av rotering\b0 , brukes hvis programmet st\'f8tter dette.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Klikk \b Vis video\b0  for \'e5 vise hvordan du utf\'f8rer bevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
N\'e5r alternativet for filtrering av kanttrykk er aktivert, ignoreres utilsiktet fingertrykking langs kantene av TouchPad-en.\par
\par
Kantomr\'e5det er markert med det skraverte omr\'e5det som vises ovenfor. Du kan justere st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 kantomr\'e5det ved \'e5 dra de svarte h\'e5ndtakene. V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at pekerbevegelse, merking av omr\'e5de, rulleomr\'e5de og bevegelsesinndata, ikke p\'e5virkes av innstillingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
Startsone-funksjonen hjelper med \'e5 redusere utilsiktet pekerbevegelse og merking av omr\'e5de.\par
\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, m\'e5 fingeren f\'f8rst ber\'f8re TouchPad-en i startsonen for \'e5 utf\'f8re mark\'f8rbevegelse eller merking av omr\'e5de. Hvis du pr\'f8ver \'e5 utf\'f8re pekerbevegelse eller merking av omr\'e5de uten f\'f8rst \'e5 ber\'f8re startsonen, ignoreres kontakten. N\'e5r du starter pekerbevegelse eller merking av omr\'e5de innenfor startsonen, fungerer omr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad-en utenfor starsonen som vanlig, til startsonen tilbakestilles. Ved \'e5 justere glidebryteren ovenfor, kan du angi hvor fort startsonen tilbakestilles n\'e5r platen ikke ber\'f8res. Trykking, rulleomr\'e5der og bevegelse, p\'e5virkes ikke av Startsone-alternativet.\par
\par
Aktiver PalmCheck-funksjonen i tillegg til denne funksjonen, for best mulig resultat.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Glidebryteren for \b trykksensitivitet\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 justere hvor mye fingertrykk som m\'e5 brukes f\'f8r Scroll Sensor-en reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis Scroll Sensor-en reagerer uregelmessig, eller du arbeider i et omr\'e5de med h\'f8y luftfuktighet, reduserer du f\'f8lsomheten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren til h\'f8yre mot \b Tung ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du m\'e5 trykke for hardt for \'e5 bruke Scroll Sensor-en, \'f8ker du f\'f8lsomheten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot venstre mot \b Lett ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Innstillingene for \b f\'f8lsomhet\b0  gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 tilpasse hvordan Scroll Sensor-en reagerer p\'e5 ber\'f8ring. Hvis du vil justere innstillingene for f\'f8lsomheten, velger du et element i menytreet for \b f\'f8lsomhet\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
N\'e5r Dobbelttrykk med to fingre er aktivert, kan du trykke to fingre samtidig p\'e5 TouchPad-en for \'e5 starte et valgt program. (Pass p\'e5 at det er litt avstand mellom fingrene.) Klikk Konfigurer for \'e5 velge hvilket program du vil at bevegelsen skal starte.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
Startsonen er markert med det skraverte omr\'e5det som vises ovenfor. Du kan justere st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 startsonen ved \'e5 dra de svarte h\'e5ndtakene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Hva er en ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
Synaptics ClickPad\'99 likner p\'e5 en Synaptics TouchPad\'99. En ClickPad kan brukes til rulling, peking og merking, p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som en TouchPad.\par
\par
En ClickPad synker ned n\'e5r den trykkes. N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en ClickPad, f\'f8les det som om du trykker p\'e5 en fysisk knapp. Dette gj\'f8r ClickPad-en til et praktisk alternativ til fysiske knapper eller en mus.\par
\par
ClickPad-en har \'e9n eller begge f\'f8lgende funksjoner:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}ClickButtons\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}ClickZones\par
\pard\tx180\par
Merk funksjonen i menytreet til venstre for \'e5 l\'e6re mer om den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b Forst\'f8rrelsesmodus\b0\par
N\'e5r forst\'f8rrelsesalternativet er aktivert, kan pekeren bli et forst\'f8rrelsesglass og brukes til \'e5 forst\'f8rre alle deler av skjermen. Angi st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 forst\'f8rrelsesglasset (mellom 100 og 400 piksler i hver retning) og standard zoom niv\'e5.\par
\par
\b Slik aktiverer og bruker du forst\'f8rrelsesmodus:\b0\par
Plasser \'e9n finger p\'e5 TouchPad-en og dobbelttrykk med en annen finger. Det vises en firkant (forst\'f8rrelsesglass).\par
\par
N\'e5r du er i forst\'f8rrelsesmodus, flytter du forst\'f8rrelsesglasset p\'e5 samme m\'e5te som du flytter en peker. Du kan bruke bevegelsen for knipezomming til \'e5 \'f8ke eller redusere forst\'f8rrelsesniv\'e5et.\par
\par
\b Slik avslutter du forst\'f8rrelsesmodus:\b0\par
Klikk venstre museknapp, trykk TouchPad-en eller trykk Esc p\'e5 tastaturet for \'e5 g\'e5 tilbake til vanlig pekermodus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Enkelttrykk med to fingre\b0\par
Ved \'e5 aktivere dobbeltrykk med to finger, kan du konfigurere TouchPad-en slik at den fungerer som en knapp n\'e5r den trykkes med to fingre. Velg en handling fra listen for \'e5 tilordne den til dobbelttrykk med to fingre, og konfigurer den hvis det er n\'f8dvendig.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Vertikale str\'f8k med tre fingre\b0\par
Det vertikale str\'f8ket med tre fingre gir tilgang til Min datamaskin og Oppgavebytte. Hvis du vil aktivere str\'f8k opp med tre fingre, merker du av for Min datamaskin. Hvis du vil aktivere str\'f8k ned med tre fingre, merker du av for Veksle mellom vinduer.\par
\par
\b Str\'f8k opp med tre fingre:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre (med litt mellomrom) n\'e6r nedre kant av TouchPad-en.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene opp til \'f8vre kant av TouchPad-en.\par
3.\tab Vinduet Min datamaskin \'e5pnes.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Str\'f8k ned med tre fingre:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser tre fingre (med litt mellomrom) n\'e6r \'f8vre kant av TouchPad-en.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingrene ned til nedre kant av TouchPad-en.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene opp fra TouchPad-en.\par
4.\tab Oppgavebytte starter.\par
5.\tab Bruk horisontale str\'f8k med tre fingre mot venstre eller h\'f8yre for \'e5 veksle mellom programmer.\par
6.\tab N\'e5r \'f8nsket program er merket, l\'f8fter du opp alle fingrene fra TouchPad-en for \'e5 veksle til det.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
Funksjonen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 er utformet for \'e5 forenkle pekerbevegelser over lange avstander. N\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten av TouchPad, vil pekeren fortsette \'e5 bevege seg i samme retning til du l\'f8fter fingeren.\par
\par
Hvis du vil aktivere EdgeMotion, passer du p\'e5 at trykking er aktivert, og deretter velger du \'f8nskede EdgeMotion-alternativer.\par
\par
Rullefunksjonene st\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion. Hvis du vil bruke EdgeMotion n\'e5r du ruller, velger du \'f8nskede rullealternativer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
Med funksjonen \b Deaktiver sone for TouchPad\b0  kan du aktivere eller deaktivere TouchPad-en ved \'e5 dobbelttrykke i hj\'f8rnesonen p\'e5 TouchPad-en.\par
Hvis TouchPad-en er aktivert, dobbelttrykker du hj\'f8rnet for \'e5 deaktivere den. Hvis TouchPad-en er deaktivert, dobbelttrykker du hj\'f8rnet for \'e5 aktivere den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Hvis du merker av for dette alternativet, aktiveres dobbelttrykking. Hvis du fjerner avmerkingen for dette alternativet, deaktiveres dobbelttrykking.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Merk av for denne avmerkingsboksen for \'e5 aktivere vertikal og horisontal rulling.\par
Skyv fingeren opp eller ned p\'e5 TouchPad-en for \'e5 flytte det merkede elementet eller vinduet vertikalt.\par
Skyv fingeren til venstre eller h\'f8yre p\'e5 TouchPad-en for \'e5 flytte det merkede elementet eller vinduet horisontalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Merk av for denne avmerkingsboksen for \'e5 aktivere vertikal og horisontal rulling.\par
Skyv to fingre opp eller ned p\'e5 Touchpad-en for \'e5 flytte det merkede elementet eller vinduet vertikalt.\par
Skyv to fingre til venstre eller h\'f8yre p\'e5 Touchpad-en for \'e5 flytte det merkede elementet eller vinduet horisontalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
N\'e5r Dobbelttrykk med to fingre er aktivert, kan du trykke to fingre samtidig p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en for \'e5 starte et valgt program. (Pass p\'e5 at det er litt avstand mellom fingrene.) Klikk Konfigurer for \'e5 velge hvilket program du vil at bevegelsen skal starte.\par
\par
Slik aktiverer du dobbelttrykk med to fingre:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Pass p\'e5 at det er merket av for \b Aktiver trykking\b0  p\'e5 \b Trykke\b0  -siden.\par
2.\tab Merk av for \b Aktiver dobbelttrykk med to fingre\b0  ovenfor.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 av\b0\par
Hvis du ikke vil bruke TouchPad\'99, kan du sl\'e5 den av. Dobbeltrykk i \'f8vre venstre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en. TouchPad\'99-ikonet i systemstatusfeltet endres for \'e5 vise at TouchPad\'99 ikke er tilgjengelig for bruk.\par
Hvis du vil sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en igjen, dobbelttrykker du \'f8vre h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne p\'e5 nytt. Ikonet i systemstatusfeltet vises som aktivert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
Alternativet \b Sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 av\b0  gj\'f8r at TouchPad\'99-en er av til du gjenoppretter den for bruk ved \'e5 dobbeltklikke \'f8vre, venstre hj\'f8rne.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
Alternativet \b Sl\'e5 TouchPad\'99 av i \'e9n \'f8kt\b0  sl\'e5r TouchPad\'99-en av resten av gjeldende \'f8kt. TouchPad\'99 gjenopprettes automatisk neste gang du logger p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b F\'f8lsomhet\b0\par
Innstillingene for f\'f8lsomhet gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 tilpasse hvordan Scroll Sensor-en reagerer p\'e5 ber\'f8ring.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Rullefunksjonene st\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion\'99. Hvis du vil bruke EdgeMotion\'99 mens du ruller, merker du av for \b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99 ved rulling\b0  under \b Rulle med \'e9n finger\b0  eller \b Rulle med to fingre\b0  under \b Rulling\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
N\'e5r filteret er aktivert hjelper det \'e5 forutsi n\'e5r du bevisst bruker rulleomr\'e5det for en finger. Hvis du legger merke til at du utilsiktet utl\'f8ser rulling, aktiverer du dette filteret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
N\'e5r filteret er aktivert hjelper det \'e5 forutsi n\'e5r du bevisst bruker knipezooming, rulle med to fingre, rotere og programbevegelser.\par
\par
Omr\'e5det p\'e5 platen som tillater bruk av bevegelse, er markert med det skraverte omr\'e5det som vises ovenfor. Du kan justere st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 omr\'e5det ved \'e5 dra de svarte h\'e5ndtakene.\par
\par
Hvis den f\'f8rste kontakten er utenfor det skraverte omr\'e5det, ignoreres bevegelsen. Hvis du utilsiktet utl\'f8ser knipezooming, rulle med to fingre eller rotere, aktiverer du dette filteret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b Flerfingerbevegelse\b0\par
Flerfingerbevegelser gir snarveier til ofte brukte programmer og funksjoner. Datamaskinens svar p\'e5 disse bevegelsene kan v\'e6re programspesifikke. Klikk hjelpen for hver enkelt bevegelse for \'e5 finne ut hva de gj\'f8r.
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Rulle med to fingre\b0\par
Med funksjonen Rulle med to fingre kan du rulle vertikalt eller horisontalt hvor som helst p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten. Plasser to fingre p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en, og skyv dem deretter i \'f8nsket retning. Du trenger ikke v\'e6re i et rulleomr\'e5de for \'e5 rulle.\par
\par
Vis videoen for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du utf\'f8rer flikk med to fingre. Pass p\'e5 at det er litt mellomrom mellom fingrene. L\'f8ft begge fingrene opp fra TouchPad\'99-en for \'e5 stoppe rullingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling vertikalt\b0\par
Merk av for denne avmerkingsboksen for \'e5 aktivere vertikal rulling. Skyv to fingre opp eller ned p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en for \'e5 rulle det valgte vinduet eller elementet vertikalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Aktiver Rulling horisontalt\b0\par
Merk av for denne boksen for \'e5 aktivere horisontal virtuell rulling i vinduer som har horisontale rullefelt. Hvis du skyver fingeren mot venstre eller h\'f8yre langs den nedre kanten av TouchPad\'99-en, rulles det valgte vinduet eller elementet horisontalt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99 ved rulling\b0\par
Merk av for dette alternativet hvis du vil at rullingen skal fortsette n\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten av TouchPad\'99-en. L\'f8ft fingrene opp fra TouchPad\'99-en for \'e5 stoppe rullingen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Aktiver vandring\b0\par
Vandring gj\'f8r det enkelt \'e5 rulle gjennom lange dokumenter. Merk av for dette alternativet hvis du vil at rullingen skal fortsette n\'e5r du har l\'f8ftet fingrene opp fra TouchPad\'99-overflaten. Hvis du vil bruke vandrefunksjonen, flytter og l\'f8fter du fingrene med \'e9n, jevn bevegelse. Hvis du vil stoppe vandrebevegelsen, plasserer du fingrene p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b\'d8ve\b0\par
Klikk \'d8ve-knappen for \'e5 kj\'f8re en enkel labyrint for \'e5 l\'e6re deg hvordan du bruker rulling.\par
\par
Finn start- og sluttpunktene i labyrinten f\'f8r du begynner. Hele labyrinten vises ikke fordi den er st\'f8rre enn vinduet som viser den. Rull for \'e5 flytte visningen av labyrinten i vinduet. Hold nede Ctrl-tasten og bruk rulling for \'e5 endre st\'f8rrelse p\'e5 labyrinten.\par
\par
En gul prikk i \'f8vre, venstre hj\'f8rne av labyrinten markerer inngangen. En bl\'e5 prikk p\'e5 h\'f8yre side av labyrinten markerer utgangen.\par
\par
Slik \'f8ver du p\'e5 rulling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klikk den r\'f8de firkanten i den gule prikken.\par
2.\tab Bruk piltastene eller trykk TouchPad\'99-en for \'e5 navigere gjennom labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Bruk \'f8nsket rullemetode for \'e5 flytte visningen av labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Lukk vinduet for rulle\'f8velse n\'e5r du kommer til den bl\'e5 prikken til h\'f8yre.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Knipezooming\b0\par
Knipezooming gir zoomefunksjonalitet i mange programmer. Du kan bruke knipezooming til \'e5 utf\'f8re de samme funksjonene som et rullehjul utf\'f8rer i standard Windows-programmer som st\'f8tter zoomefunksjonalitet med Ctrl-Rullehjul.\par
\par
Merk av for knipezooming for \'e5 aktivere knipebevegelsen for zooming. Vis videoen for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du utf\'f8rer bevegelsen. Bruk fingertuppene for best mulig resultat.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoomehastighet\b0\par
Glidebryterkontrollene for zoomehastighet styrer hvor raskt vinduet zoomer inn som svar p\'e5 knipezoomingsbevegelsen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Hvis du vil zoome langsommere, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Langsom\b0 .\par
Hvis du vil zoome raskere, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Rask\b0 .\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Aktiver pivotrotering\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, kan du trinnvis rotere et objekt 90 grader, for eksempel et bilde.\par
\par
Vis videoen for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du utf\'f8rer bevegelsen. Pass p\'e5 at avstanden mellom de to fingrene forblir den samme n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer bevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Pivot i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne\b0\par
Hvis du vil bruke Pivotrotering i nedre, h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne av TouchPad\'99-en, merker du av for Pivot i h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne. Dette kan v\'e6re mer komfortabelt n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer pivotroteringsbevegelsen med venstre h\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Aktiver ChiralRotate\b0\'99\par
Merk av for dette alternativet for \'e5 bruke ChiralRotate\'99-bevegelsen til \'e5 rotere objekter trinnvis med 90 grader. V\'e6r oppmerksom p\'e5 at ChiralRotate\'99 bare fungerer med st\'f8ttede programmer.\par
\par
Slik bruker du ChiralRotate\'99:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser \'e9n finger p\'e5 den venstre m\'e5lsonen (nederst) p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en.\par
2.\tab Skyv fingeren oppover eller nedover, og begynn \'e5 lage en sirkelbevegelse. Hvis du vil rotere objektet med klokken, flytter du fingeren i sirkler med klokken. Hvis du vil rotere objektet mot klokken, flytter du fingeren i sirkler mot klokken.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingeren fra TouchPad\'99-overflaten for \'e5 g\'e5 tilbake til pekemodus.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Trykk med tre fingre\b0\par
 N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, starter trykk med tre fingre et angitt program. Klikk innstillingsknappen for \'e5 tilpasse programmene som starter.\par
\par
Vis videoen for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du utf\'f8rer trykk med tre fingre. Pass p\'e5 at det er litt mellomrom mellom fingrene n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer bevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhet\b0\par
Glidebryteren for ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhet gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 styre hvor kraftig fingertrykk som kreves for \'e5 flytte pekeren med en bestemt hastighet. Hvis pekerbevegelsen er uregelmessig, pr\'f8ver du \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b tung ber\'f8ring\b0 . Hvis trykket ikke registreres, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b lett ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Rulling\b0\par
Rullefunksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 bruke rullefeltene i et vindu uten \'e5 flytte pekeren bort fra arbeidet. Rullefunksjonene fungerer med de fleste vinduer med rulling, for eksempel dokumenter, regneark og store digitale bilder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Aktiver omvendt rulleretning\b0\par
Denne funksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 endre standard virkem\'e5te for rulling. Standard rulling flytter rullefeltet i samme retning som fingerbevegelsen. N\'e5r du endrer rulleretning, flyttes dokumentet eller objektet i samme retning som fingerbevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Aktiver ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
Med denne funksjonen kan du rulle kontinuerlig med \'e9n, jevn sirkelbevegelse. Rullehastigheten styres av hastigheten p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen. Hvis du vil aktivere denne funksjonen, merker du av for Aktiver ChiralScrolling.\par
\par
Slik bruker du ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser en finger p\'e5 m\'e5lsonen. Hvis du vil rulle opp eller ned, er m\'e5lsonen p\'e5 h\'f8yre side av TouchPad\'99. Hvis du vil rulle mot venstre eller h\'f8yre, er m\'e5lsonen den nedre kanten av TouchPad\'99.\par
2.\tab Flytt fingeren i den retningen du vil rulle, og begynn \'e5 flytte fingeren med eller mot klokken. N\'e5r ChiralScrolling startes, kan fingeren din forskyve seg hvor som helst p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer en sirkelbevegelse. Merknad: Hvis du vil endre retningen p\'e5 rullingen, kan du ganske enkelt bruke omvendt retning p\'e5 fingerbevegelsen. Du begynner \'e5 rulle i motsatt retning.\par
3.\tab Hvis du vil stoppe rullingen og g\'e5 tilbake til pekemodus, l\'f8fter du fingeren opp fra TouchPad\'99-overflaten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99 ved rulling\b0\par
Merk av for dette alternativet hvis du vil at rullingen skal fortsette n\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten av TouchPad\'99-en.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Rulleomr\'e5de\b0\par
Diagrammet for rulleomr\'e5det representerer overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en. Det skraverte omr\'e5det i diagrammet viser rulleomr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du plasserer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, vises pilen langs kanten av TouchPad\'99-diagrammet for \'e5 vise fingerens posisjon. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt rulleomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, f\'e5r det tilsvarende rulleomr\'e5det i diagrammet en heldekkende farge.\par
\par
Du kan gj\'f8re rulleomr\'e5dene st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene langs kanten av det skraverte omr\'e5det. Hvis du har problemer med \'e5 utl\'f8se rulling, gj\'f8r du rulleomr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene p\'e5 det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis rulling utl\'f8ses for lett, gj\'f8r du rulleomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Hvis rulleomr\'e5dene er gr\'e5 og ikke kan justeres, passer du p\'e5 at vertikal og horisontal rulling er aktivert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Rotere\b0\par
Rotere-funksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 rotere bilder eller andre objekter med praktiske bevegelser.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
PalmCheck-funksjonen beskytter mot utilsiktet bruk av TouchPad\'99-en. PalmCheck gj\'f8r det mulig for TouchPad\'99-en \'e5 gjenkjenne om h\'e5ndflaten hviler p\'e5 den eller ber\'f8rer overflaten n\'e5r du skriver og ignorere ber\'f8ringen. Dette hjelper deg med \'e5 forhindre u\'f8nsket pekerbevegelse eller klikk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck-f\'f8lsomhet\b0\par
F\'f8lsomheten for PalmCheck kan justeres til \'e5 samsvare med dine skrive- og pekevaner.\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad\'99-en for\'e5rsaker u\'f8nskede pekerbevegelser eller klikk, \'f8ker du PalmCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b Maksimum\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis TouchPad\'99-en ikke registrerer \'f8nskede bevegelser eller trykk, reduserer du PalmCheck-innstillingen ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b Minimum\b0 . Det er mest sannsynlig at bevegelser eller trykk ikke registreres hvis glidebryteren er i det r\'f8de omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
Momentum-funksjonen gir jevn og hurtig musebevegelse som ligner styrekulebevegelse. Ett hurtig flikk med fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten kan flytte mark\'f8ren p\'e5 tvers av hele skjermen. Momentum reduserer gjentagelsesbevegelsen og anstrengelsen som er knyttet til flytting av mark\'f8ren over lange avstander, samtidig som det gir en jevn og naturlig f\'f8lelse som ligner p\'e5 en styrekule. Momentum er ideelt for strategispill i sanntid (RTS-spill, Real Time Strategy), f\'f8rstepersonsspill (FPS-spill, First Person Shooter) og rollespill (RPG).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Glideavstand\b0\par
Glideavstandsbryteren gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 juster hvor langt mark\'f8ren flytter seg for hvert fingerflikk p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en. Hvis du vil stoppe mark\'f8ren, trykker du \'e9n gang eller plasserer fingeren p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten.\par
\par
Hvis du vil \'f8ke glideavstanden, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Lang\b0 . Hvis du vil redusere den, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Kort\b0 .\par
\par
\b Aktiver stopp ved skjermkant\b0\par
Merk av for dette alternativet for \'e5 holde mark\'f8ren innenfor grensene for skjermen. Funksjonen for avstand fra kanten, gj\'f8r det enkelt \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til menyalternativer og kontroller som er n\'e6r skjermkantene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
Funksjonen EdgeMotioner\'99 utformet for \'e5 forenkle pekerbevegelser over lange avstander. N\'e5r fingeren n\'e5r kanten av TouchPad\'99, vil pekeren fortsette \'e5 bevege seg i samme retning til du l\'f8fter fingeren.\par
\par
Rullefunksjonene st\'f8tter ogs\'e5 EdgeMotion\'99. Hvis du vil bruke EdgeMotion\'99 mens du ruller, merker du av for \b Aktiver EdgeMotion\'99 ved rulling\b0  under \b Rulling\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5de\b0\par
Diagrammet for EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det i innstillingsvinduet representerer overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en. Det skraverte omr\'e5det i diagrammet viser EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten.\par
\par
N\'e5r du plasserer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en, vises det piler langs kanten av diagrammet for EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det for \'e5 angi fingerens posisjon. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en, f\'e5r det tilsvarende EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det i diagrammet en heldekkende farge.\par
\par
Du kan gj\'f8re EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5dene st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra en av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene langs kanten av det skraverte omr\'e5det. Hvis du har problemer med \'e5 utl\'f8se EdgeMotion\'99, gj\'f8r du EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det st\'f8rre ved \'e5 flytte kantene for det skraverte omr\'e5det innover. Hvis EdgeMotion\'99 utl\'f8ses for lett, gj\'f8r du EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Styr hastighet med fingertrykk\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, fastsl\'e5s EdgeMotion\'99-hastigheten av hvor hardt du trykker fingeren mot TouchPad\'99-en. N\'e5r du trykker hardere \'f8kes rullehastigheten.\par
\par
\b Fast hastighet\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, flyttes alltid mark\'f8ren med en konstant, angitt hastighet n\'e5r fingeren er i EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Tilgjengelighet\b0\par
Tilgjengelighetsfunksjonen gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 angi hvordan pekeren reagerer p\'e5 pekehandlingene, holder pekeren i et vindu, reduserer hastigheten p\'e5 bevegelsen eller begrenser retningen p\'e5 pekerbevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Aktiver kantl\'e5sing\b0\par
Dette alternativet begrenser pekeren til det aktive vinduet. N\'e5r du pr\'f8ver \'e5 flytte pekeren utenfor vinduet f\'f8rste gang, stopper den ved kanten. Hvis du pr\'f8ver en gang til, kan den forlate vinduet.\par
\par
N\'e5r pekeren stoppes ved vinduskanten, er det enklere \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til kontroller langs vinduskantene. Hvis du for eksempel vil lukke eller endre st\'f8rrelsen p\'e5 vinduet, flytter du hurtig pekeren i retning av lukkeboksen eller vinduskanten, og pekeren vil stoppe akkurat ved kanten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Aktiver langsom bevegelse\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, kan du redusere pekerhastigheten for \'e5 forbedre pekern\'f8yaktigheten for n\'f8yaktig plassering.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Aktivere innskrenket bevegelse\b0\par
Med denne funksjonen kan du p\'e5tvinge bare vannrett eller loddrett bevegelse av pekeren p\'e5 skjermen. Denne funksjonen er mest nyttig n\'e5r du bruker et tegneprogram.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Trykke\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, utf\'f8rer et trykk handlingen for den venstre museknappen. Hvis merkingen for alternativet fjernes, kan du bare trykke TouchPad\'99-knappene.\par
\par
Tapping betyr \'e5 ber\'f8re hurtig og deretter l\'f8fte fingeren opp fra TouchPad\'99-overflaten. Et lett og hurtig trykk fungerer best. Sv\'e6rt harde eller langsomme trykk fungerer d\'e5rligere. Trykk \'e9n gang for enkelt trykk, eller to ganger hurtig etter hverandre for dobbeltklikk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b L\'e5s og dra\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, kan du dra objekter over lange avstander p\'e5 tvers av skjermen ved \'e5 bruke flere fingerstr\'f8k. N\'e5r det er merket av for L\'e5s og dra, vedvarer drahandlingen n\'e5r du l\'f8fter fingeren fra TouchPad\'99-en. Trykk TouchPad\'99-en p\'e5 nytt for \'e5 slippe objektet og avslutte drabevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, kan du tilordne en bestemt handling eller snarvei til hvert av hj\'f8rnene p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en. N\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 en av trykkesonene, utf\'f8res den angitte handlingen, og dette sparer vanligvis tid og klikk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Konfigurer\b0\par
Velg en handling fra listen ovenfor som skal tilordnes en trykkesone. Mange handlinger krever ikke ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres imidlertid Konfigurer-knappen. Klikk Konfigurer n\'e5r som helst for \'e5 vise eller endre konfigurasjonen for handlingen.\par
En rekke handlinger kan tilordnes trykkesoner. Flere handlinger kan v\'e6re tilgjengelig hvis du har installert tredjeparts plugin-programvare for TouchPad\'99-en. Hvis alternativene for rullegardinlisten er nedtonet og ikke kan velges, m\'e5 du merke av for \b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Knapper\b0\par
Knappene fungerer som standard som museknapper for denne pekeenheten. Hvis det ikke er merket av for dette alternativet, blir knappene deaktivert, og trykking har ingen effekt. Trykking p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en er den eneste m\'e5ten du kan klikke med pekeenheten.\par
\par
Du kan ogs\'e5 angi en annen handling som skal utf\'f8res n\'e5r du trykker en knapp. Du kan for eksempel angi at den h\'f8yre knappen gj\'f8r at du g\'e5r til en webside i standard webleser. Hver gang du klikker den h\'f8yre knappen p\'e5 pekeenheten, \'e5pnes webleseren automatisk og laster inn den angitte siden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Knappehandling\b0\par
Velg en handling p\'e5 rullegardinmenyen som skal tilordnes \'f8nsket knapp. Den valgte handlingen utf\'f8res hver gang du trykker knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Bruke vinduet for egenskaper\b0\par
I egenskapsvinduet kan du tilpasse innstillingene for pekeenheten. Bruk menytreet for \'e5 f\'e5 tilgang til funksjonene som kan tilpasses. Klikk pilen ved siden av en funksjon eller dobbelklikk den for \'e5 vise alternativene.\par
\par
\b Aktivere og deaktivere funksjoner\b0\par
Merk av for alternativet for \'e5 aktivere en funksjon, og fjern avmerkingen for \'e5 deaktivere.\par
\par
\b Innstillinger\b0\par
Hvis den valgte funksjonen viser et innstillingsikon som utheves n\'e5r du holder pekeren over det, kan du klikke det eller dobbeltklikke funksjonsnavnet, for \'e5 konfigurere innstillingene. Hvis du ikke kan klikke et innstillingsikon, passer du p\'e5 at det er merket av for funksjonen og overordnede alternativer.\par
\par
\b Hjelp\b0\par
Du kan klikke sp\'f8rsm\'e5lsikonet og hjelpeknappen for \'e5 vise hjelpeinformasjon.\par
\par
\b Lukk-knapp\b0\par
Lukk-knappen i innstillingsvinduet lukker vinduet. Endringene blir permanente n\'e5r du har klikket \b Bruk\b0  eller \b OK\b0  i egenskapsvinduet.\par
\par
\b Standarder-knapp\b0\par
Standard-knappen i egenskapsvinduet tilbakestiller alle TouchPad\'99-innstillingene til fabrikkinnstillinger.\par
\par
Standard-knappen i et innstillingsvindu tilbakestiller alle innstillingene i gjeldende vindu til fabrikkinnstillinger. Endringene blir permanente n\'e5r du har klikket \b Bruk\b0  eller \b OK\b0  i egenskapsvinduet.\par
\par
\b OK-knapp\b0\par
OK-knappen lagrer endringene og lukker Egenskaper-vinduet.\par
\par
\b Avbryt-knapp\b0\par
Avbryt-knappen lukker egenskapsvinduet uten \'e5 lagre endringene.\par
\par
\b Bruk-knapp\b0\par
Bruk-knappen lagrer endringene, men beholder Egenskaper-vinduet \'e5pent slik at du kan gj\'f8re flere endringer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Rullehastighet\b0\par
Med glidebryteren for rullehastighet kan du justere hastigheten p\'e5 rullingen. Dra glidebryteren til h\'f8yre for raskere rulling.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Peke\b0\par
P\'e5 sidene for Peke-innstillinger kan du angi hvordan pekeren svarer p\'e5 peke- og valghandlinger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhet\b0\par
Glidebryteren for ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhet gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 justere hvor mye fingertrykk som m\'e5 brukes f\'f8r TouchPad\'99-en reagerer.\par
\par
Hvis pekeren flyttes eller klikkes uregelmessig, eller du arbeider i et omr\'e5de med h\'f8y luftfuktighet, reduserer du f\'f8lsomheten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b Tung ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
Hvis du m\'e5 trykke hardt for \'e5 bruke TouchPad\'99-en, eller hvis TouchPad\'99-en ikke alltid svarer p\'e5 trykk, \'f8ker du f\'f8lsomheten ved \'e5 flytte glidebryteren mot \b Lett ber\'f8ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Trykkesoner\b0\par
Diagrammet for trykkesone representerer overflaten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en. Det skraverte omr\'e5det i diagrammet viser trykkesoneomr\'e5dene p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-overflaten. N\'e5r du plasserer en finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99, vises pilen langs kanten av TouchPad\'99-diagrammet for \'e5 vise fingerens posisjon. Hvis fingeren er i et aktivt trykkesoneomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en, f\'e5r det tilsvarende trykkesoneomr\'e5det i diagrammet en heldekkende farge.\par
\par
Du kan gj\'f8re trykkesoneomr\'e5dene st\'f8rre eller mindre ved \'e5 dra en av de sm\'e5, svarte firkantene i hj\'f8rnene av det skraverte omr\'e5det. Hvis det er problemer med \'e5 utl\'f8se en trykkesonehandling, gj\'f8r du trykkesonen st\'f8rre. Hvis en trykkesonehandling utl\'f8ses for lett, gj\'f8r du trykkesonen mindre.\par
\par
Hvis trykkesonene er nedtonet og ikke kan justeres, m\'e5 du merke av for \b Aktiver trykkesoner\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge\b0\par
Funksjonen for \'e5 trykke for \'e5 velge gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 bruke tappe og trykkebevegelser for \'e5 utf\'f8re museklikk.\par
\par
Tapping eller trykking p\'e5 toppen av styrepinnen er det samme som \'e5 klikke venstre museknapp. Tapping eller trykking kan imidlertid v\'e6re hurtigere og mer praktisk enn \'e5 bruke museknappen.\par
\par
Tapping betyr \'e5 hurtig ber\'f8re og deretter l\'f8fte opp fingeren fra toppen av styrepinnen. Et lett og hurtig trykk fungerer best. Sv\'e6rt harde eller langsomme trykk fungerer d\'e5rligere. Trykk \'e9n gang for enkelt trykk, eller to ganger hurtig etter hverandre for dobbeltklikk.\par
\par
Trykking betyr \'e5 hurtig trykke ned toppen p\'e5 styrepinnen med fingeren. Et lett og bestemt trykk fungerer best. Trykk rett ned for \'e5 simulere klikke og holde museknappen. Trykk rett ned og deretter til siden for \'e5 klikke og dra i en retning. L\'f8ft opp for \'e5 frigj\'f8re museknappen.\par
\par
Du kan ogs\'e5 bruke den fysiske knappen til \'e5 klikke. Hvis du fjerner avmerkingen for dette alternativet, kan du bare klikke med de fysiske knappene.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Trykk for bare \'e5 velge\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, merkes objektet n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 toppen av styrepinnen, men det blir ikke \'e5pnet eller flyttet.\par
\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge dra\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, merkes objektet n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 toppen av styrepinnen, og valget opprettholdes slik at du kan flytte det med styrepinnen. Dette tilsvarer \'e5 trykke og holde nede den venstre museknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge betyr prim\'e6rklikk\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, utf\'f8res den samme handlingen som ved et prim\'e6rmuseklikk n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 toppen av styrepinnen.\par
\par
\b Trykk for \'e5 velge betyr sekund\'e6rklikk\b0\par
N\'e5r det er merket av for dette alternativet, utf\'f8res den samme handlingen som ved et sekund\'e6rmuseklikk n\'e5r du trykker p\'e5 toppen av styrepinnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Hastighet\b0\par
Glidebryteren for hastighet justerer hvor hurtig du m\'e5 trykke styrepinnen for at det skal tolkes som trykk for \'e5 velge. Juster glidebryteren for hastighet til trykkene enkelt registreres. Hvis trykkene ikke registreres, flytter du den mot \b hurtig.\b0 Hvis det registreres for mange trykk, flytter du den mot \b langsom\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Ber\'f8ringsf\'f8lsomhet\b0\par
Innstillingene for f\'f8lsomhet gj\'f8r det mulig \'e5 styre hvor kraftig styrepinnen m\'e5 trykkes for \'e5 flytte pekeren med en bestemt hastighet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Flikk med tre fingre\b0\par
Bevegelsen Flikk med tre fingre forbedrer navigasjonen for en rekke programmer. Du kan bruke Flikk med tre fingre til \'e5 navigere p\'e5 Internett eller rulle gjennom bilder i et bildevisningsvindu. Du kan ogs\'e5 bruke Flikk med tre fingre for \'e5 g\'e5 til eller avslutte lysbildefremvisning fra bildevisning. Merk av for dette alternativet for \'e5 aktivere bruk av Flikk med tre fingre for navigering og lysbildefremvisninger.\par
\par
Vis videoen for \'e5 l\'e6re hvordan du utf\'f8rer flikk med tre fingre. Pass p\'e5 at det er litt mellomrom mellom fingrene n\'e5r du utf\'f8rer bevegelsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
Flikk med tre fingre vertikalt\par
Skyver fingrene mot h\'f8yre eller venstre med en horisontal fingerbevegelse, for \'e5 bla fremover eller bakover i et bildevisningsprogram eller et Internett-leservindu.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Flikk med tre fingre horisontalt\par
Skyv fingrene oppover for \'e5 starte lysbildefremvisningsmodus. Skyv fingrene nedover for \'e5 avslutte lysbildefremvisningsmodus.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
F\'f8lg instruksjonene p\'e5 skjermen for \'e5 justere EdgeMotion\'99-hastigheten. Hvis du vil \'f8ke hastigheten, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Hurtig\b0 . Hvis du vil redusere den, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Langsom\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
N\'e5r langsom bevegelse er aktivert, kan du velge en tast fra listeboksen som vil aktivere den. Hvis du vil bruke langsom bevegelse, trykker du og holder nede angitt tast n\'e5r du flytter pekeren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
N\'e5r innskrenket bevegelse er aktivert, kan du velge en tast fra listeboksen som vil aktivere den. Hvis du vil bruke innskrenket bevegelse, trykker du og holder nede angitt tast n\'e5r du flytter pekeren. Den opprinnelige retningen for pekerbevegelsen bestemmer den tillatte retningen for bevegelse s\'e5 lenge fingeren holdes p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b Cover-bevegelse\b0\par
Denne bevegelsen t\'f8mmer skrivebordet ved \'e5 minimere alle \'e5pne vinduer. Hvis du gjentar handlingen, gjenopprettes vinduene.\par
\par
Slik bruker du Cover-bevegelsen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Plasser fire fingre flatt p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-en slik at mesteparten av den er dekket.\par
2.\tab Hold fingrene rolig til vinduene er minimert eller gjenopprettet.\par
3.\tab L\'f8ft fingrene opp fra TouchPad\'99-en.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Smartkontrollinnstillinger kan hjelpe \'e5 redusere u\'f8nsket TouchPad\'99-virkem\'e5te. Klikk hver enkelt funksjon for n\'e6rmere informasjon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
Du kan trykke hvor som helst p\'e5 ClickPad-en for \'e5 utf\'f8re et klikk p\'e5 prim\'e6rknapp, sekund\'e6rknapp eller midterste knapp.\par
\par
N\'e5r du trykker ned \'e9n finger, utf\'f8res som standard et prim\'e6rklikk. N\'e5r du trykker ned to fingre, utf\'f8res et sekund\'e6rklikk. N\'e5r du trykker ned tre fingre, utf\'f8res et klikk p\'e5 midterste knapp. Merk av for \b Klikk med to fingre \b0 og \b Klikk med tre fingre\b0  for \'e5 konfigurere som \'f8nsket.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
Hvis du vil utf\'f8re et klikk med \'e9n finger, trykker du \'e9n finger ned p\'e5 ClickPad-overflaten til du f\'f8ler at den synker ned. Et klikk med \'e9n finger er det samme som \'e5 klikke en prim\'e6rknapp (venstre).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
Klikk med \'e9n finger i nedre h\'f8yre hj\'f8rne av ClickPad-en utf\'f8rer som standard samme handling som et sekund\'e6rmuseklikk (h\'f8yre).\par
\par
Handlingen som utf\'f8res med hj\'f8rneklikk med \'e9n finger, kan konfigureres. Du tilordner en annen handling ved \'e5 velge en handling fra listen.\par
\par
Noen handlinger krever ekstra konfigurasjon. Hvis det kreves mer informasjon, aktiveres \b Konfigurer\b0 -knappen eller det vises en dialogboks.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e5r som helst klikke \b Konfigurer\b0  for \'e5 vise eller endre innstillingene.\par
\par
Hvis du bruker en konfigurasjon for venstrehendt, klikker du nedre venstre side p\'e5 ClickPad-en.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Du justerer vandreavstanden ved hjelp av glidebryteren. Hvis du vil rulle lenger, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Maks\b0 . Hvis du vil rulle kortere, flytter du glidebryteren mot \b Min\b0 . Hvis glidebryteren ikke flyttes, kontrollerer du at Aktiver vandring er aktivert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Rulle med \'e9n finger\b0\par
Du kan rulle vertikalt.\par
\par
Klikk vinduet eller elementet du vil rulle, og skyv fingeren opp eller ned langs h\'f8yre kant av TouchPad-en for \'e5 rulle vertikalt.\par
\par
Hvis det ikke er respons ved rulling, kontrollerer du at det er merket av for riktig avmerkingsboks, og at vinduet eller elementet du har klikket, kan rulles. Hvis du fremdeles har problemer, kontrollerer du innstillingene for \b rulleomr\'e5de\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\f0\fs16 ##RTFHeader\par
\cf1 ##HelpLanguageID=0x041D\cf0\par
Date Version, Reason Log:\par
v0501200900, Cleaned up all tags.\par
v0512200900, Implemented translator review comments.\par
v0516200900, Fonts standardized.\par
v0528200900, Unbolded TM in topic 277.\par
v0610200900, Installed translation of \ldblquote Dual Mode\rdblquote  in topic 200\par
v1110200900, Installed translations for topics 301-344.\par
v0219201000, Installed translations for topics 345-406, and installed translation for "Hong Kong Patent Number" in topic 119.\par
v0221201000, Removed some spaces at the ends of lines.\par
v0222201000, Revised bold formatting in topic 366, and restored trademark "Momentum" in topic 375.\par
v0223201000, Added blank line to end of topic 375.\par
v0226201000, Added topic 407.\par
v0303201000, Corrected patent information in topic 119.\par
v0304201000, Further additions to topic 119.\par
v0519201000, Added translations for topics 408-12.\par
v0527201000, Removed one paragraph and its subheading from topic 110.\par
v0530201000, Revised topic 347.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0x0999\cf0\par
Odefinierat hj\'e4lp\'e4mne\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=0\cf0\par
I f\'f6nstret \b Egenskaper\b0  kan du l\'e4gga in de parametrar f\'f6r pekdonet du sj\'e4lv f\'f6redrar. Anv\'e4nd menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster f\'f6r att g\'e5 till de olika parametrar som kan st\'e4llas in.\par
\par
\b Anv\'e4nda f\'f6nstret Egenskaper\b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 ett alternativ i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att g\'e5 till en sida med inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r alternativet ifr\'e5ga. Vissa alternativ har flera sidor med inst\'e4llningar. Klicka p\'e5 plustecknet (+) intill ett alternativ f\'f6r att se alla tillh\'f6rande sidor. Inst\'e4llningarna visas i f\'f6nstret till h\'f6ger om menytr\'e4det. Information om alternativen, och anvisningar f\'f6r hur de \'e4ndras, visas i den h\'e4r informationsrutan. Du kan anv\'e4nda rullningslisten f\'f6r att flytta dig omkring i informationsrutan.\par
\par
\b Knapp Standard\b0\par
Knapp \b Standard \b0\'e5terst\'e4ller alla parametrar p\'e5 den aktuella sidan till de ursprungliga v\'e4rdena.\par
\par
\b Knapp OK\b0\par
Knapp \b OK\b0  spar dina \'e4ndringar och st\'e4nger f\'f6nster Egenskaper.\par
\par
\b Knapp Avbryt\b0\par
Knapp \b Avbryt\b0  st\'e4nger f\'f6nster Egenskaper utan att spara \'e4ndringarna och \'e5terg\'e5r till de tidigare inst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\b Knapp Verkst\'e4ll\b0\par
Knapp \b Verkst\'e4ll\b0  spar dina \'e4ndringar men h\'e5ller f\'f6nster Egenskaper \'f6ppet, s\'e5 att du kan g\'f6ra ytterligare \'e4ndringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=1\cf0\par
Kryssrutan \b Aktivera knappar\b0  aktiverar \rdblquote musknapparna\rdblquote  f\'f6r detta pekdon. F\'f6r att best\'e4mma vilken \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska utf\'f6ras n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 en knapp markerar du knappens namn i menytr\'e4det. Du kan exempelvis definiera den h\'f6gra knappen som \rdblquote g\'e5 till en webbsida i din standardwebbl\'e4sare\rdblquote . Varje g\'e5ng du klickar med pekdonets h\'f6gerknapp \'f6ppnas d\'e5 din webbl\'e4sare automatiskt och laddar ner den specificerade sidan.\par
\par
N\'e4r \b Aktivera knappar\b0  inte har valts \'e4r knapparna nedtonade och ingenting h\'e4nder n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 dem. Du kan d\'e5 bara anv\'e4nda ditt pekdon f\'f6r slag.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=2\cf0\par
\b Rulla det som befinner sig under pekaren\b0\par
Med alternativet Rulla det som befinner sig under pekaren rullar du alltid i det specifika f\'f6nster i det aktiva program som har tangentbordsfokus. Om du inte h\'e5ller pekaren \'f6ver det aktiva programmet kan du inte rulla.\par
N\'e4r till exempel Windows Explorer \'e4r aktivt: Om du h\'e5ller pekaren \'f6ver den v\'e4nstra rutan rullar du i tr\'e4det med katalogstrukturen, men om du h\'e5ller pekaren \'f6ver den h\'f6gra rutan rullar du i den listrutan. Om du sedan klickar p\'e5 ett annat program kan du inte rulla i Windows Explorer, \'e4ven om du h\'e5llet pekaren \'f6ver n\'e5got av dess f\'f6nster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=3\cf0\par
Markera en \'e5tg\'e4rd i listan ovan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den markerade knappen. Den valda \'e5tg\'e4rden kommer d\'e5 att utf\'f6ras varje g\'e5ng du trycker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
Om det inte g\'e5r att markera en \'e5tg\'e4rd i listan ska du kontrollera att knapparna har aktiverats. G\'f6r s\'e5 h\'e4r f\'f6r att aktivera knapparna:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera \b Knappar\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera knappar\b0 .\par
3.\tab Markera knappen i menytr\'e4det \b Knappar\b0  f\'f6r att g\'e5 tillbaks till denna sida.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=4\cf0\par
Denna knapp \'f6ppnar en konfigureringsdialogruta f\'f6r den knapp som markerats i listrutan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=5\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Tryck-och-v\'e4lj\b0  g\'f6r det m\'f6jligt f\'f6r dig att v\'e4lja slag och tryckr\'f6relser f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra \rdblquote musklickningar\rdblquote .\par
\par
Att sl\'e5 eller trycka p\'e5 spetsen av pekpinnen inneb\'e4r samma sak som att klicka med den v\'e4nstra musknappen. Att sl\'e5 eller trycka kan emellertid vara snabbare och mer praktiskt \'e4n att anv\'e4nda musknappen.\par
\par
\rdblquote Sl\'e5\rdblquote  betyder att knacka till snabbt och sedan ta bort fingret fr\'e5n pekpinnens topp. Ett l\'e4tt, snabbt slag fungerar b\'e4st. Mycket h\'e5rda eller l\'e5ngsamma slag fungerar mindre bra. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng f\'f6r en enkelklickning, eller tv\'e5 g\'e5nger i snabb f\'f6ljd f\'f6r en dubbelklickning.\par
\par
\rdblquote Tryck\rdblquote  betyder en snabb tryckning ned\'e5t p\'e5 pekpinnens topp med ett finger. En l\'e4tt, best\'e4md tryckning fungerar b\'e4st. Tryck rakt ner f\'f6r att simulera klickning med och nedh\'e5llning av musknappen. Tryck rakt ner och d\'e4refter \'e5t sidan f\'f6r att klicka och dra i valfri riktning. Sluta att trycka n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa upp musknappen.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tryck-och-v\'e4lj\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera den h\'e4r funktionen.\par
\par
De fysiska knapparna kan ocks\'e5 anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r klickning. Om du avmarkerar den h\'e4r kryssrutan kan du bara klicka med de fysiska knapparna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=6\cf0\par
Detta menytr\'e4d visar de olika alternativen f\'f6r ditt pekdon. F\'f6r att konfigurera ett alternativ klickar du p\'e5 posten f\'f6r alternativet ifr\'e5ga.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=7\cf0\par
Inst\'e4llningssidorna f\'f6r \b Pekr\'f6relse\b0  g\'f6r det m\'f6jligt f\'f6r dig att specificera hur \rdblquote muspekaren\rdblquote  p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen ska flytta sig vid dina olika pek\'e5tg\'e4rder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=8\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Framtvingad r\'f6relse\b0  ger dig m\'f6jlighet att tvinga fram helt v\'e5gr\'e4ta eller lodr\'e4ta pekarr\'f6relser p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen. Detta \'e4r v\'e4ldigt praktiskt n\'e4r ritprogram anv\'e4nds. Du aktiverar Framtvingad r\'f6relse genom att trycka ner en specificerad tangent och h\'e5lla den nedtryckt under en pekarr\'f6relse. N\'e4r du trycker ner tangenten best\'e4mmer pekarens initialriktning i vilken riktning pekaren kommer att forts\'e4tta s\'e5 l\'e4nge du h\'e5ller ditt finger kvar p\'e5 TouchPad.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r aktiverar du funktionen Framtvingad r\'f6relse:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera framtvingad r\'f6relse\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera alternativen i listrutan.\par
2.\tab V\'e4lj en tangent i listrutan f\'f6r aktivering av Framtvingad r\'f6relse.\par
3.\tab Tryck sedan p\'e5 den valda tangenten och h\'e5ll den nedtryckt n\'e4r du vill ha framtvingad pekarr\'f6relse.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=9\cf0\par
\b Tryck-och-v\'e4lj betyder v\'e4nsterklickning\b0\par
Detta alternativ ger en v\'e4nstermusklickning n\'e4r du sl\'e5r eller trycker p\'e5 pekpinnen. En h\'f6germusklickning anv\'e4nds normalt f\'f6r att \'f6ppna en sammanhangsberoende popupmeny.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=10\cf0\par
Dessa tangenter kan anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r aktivering av l\'e4get f\'f6r Framtvingad r\'f6relse. V\'e4lj \'f6nskad tangent genom att klicka p\'e5 posten i listrutan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=11\cf0\par
Funktionen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 \'e4r avsedd att underl\'e4tta l\'e4ngre pekarr\'f6relser. N\'e4r ditt finger kommer till TouchPad-plattans kant forts\'e4tter pekaren i samma riktning tills du lyfter p\'e5 fingret. V\'e4lj n\'e5got av EdgeMotion-alternativen.\par
\par
Funktionen Virtuell rullning st\'f6der ocks\'e5 EdgeMotion. Om du vill kontrollera EdgeMotion under rullning v\'e4ljer du \b L\'e5ngdistansrullning\b0  under \b Virtuell rullning\b0  i menytr\'e4det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=12\cf0\par
\b Anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion endast vid dragning\b0\par
Om du v\'e4ljer detta alternativ f\'e5r du bara EdgeMotion-effekten vid sl\'e5-och-dra-gester. Vanliga pekarr\'f6relser ger ingen EdgeMotion. Slagning m\'e5ste vara aktiverad f\'f6r att den h\'e4r funktionen ska fungera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=13\cf0\par
\b Anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion vid b\'e5de dragning och pekning\b0\par
Om du v\'e4ljer detta alternativ f\'e5r du EdgeMotion-effekten varje g\'e5ng ditt finger kommer till kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=14\cf0\par
\b Ingen EdgeMotion \b0\par
F\'f6r att flytta pekaren en l\'e5ng str\'e4cka utan EdgeMotion m\'e5ste du sl\'e5 upprepade g\'e5nger med fingret p\'e5 plattan, eller \'f6ka pekarens r\'f6relsehastighet i muskontrollpanelen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=15\cf0\par
Om du markerar kontrollrutan \b Aktivera slagzoner\b0  kan du konfigurera TouchPad-ytans fyra h\'f6rn s\'e5 att de fungerar som olika knappar vid slag. Dessa h\'f6rnregioner kallas f\'f6r \b Slagzoner\b0 ...\par
\par
Slag mitt p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan ger alltid en v\'e4nsterklickning.\par
\par
Om du avmarkerar kryssrutan \b Aktivera slagzoner\b0  ger ett slag var som helst p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan en v\'e4nsterklickning.\par
\par
Flera olika \'e5tg\'e4rder kan tilldelas slagzonernas.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r aktiveras slagzonerna:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Kontrollera att \b Aktivera slagning\b0  har markerats p\'e5 sidan \b Slag\b0 .\par
2.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera slagzoner\b0  ovan.\par
3.\tab Markera namnet p\'e5 en slagzon i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att tilldela zonen ifr\'e5ga en funktion.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=16\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en funktion f\'f6r slag i din TouchPad-plattas nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis markerar \b Mittklickning\b0  s\'e5 medf\'f6r ett slag i TouchPad-plattans nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn samma sak som en mittklickning. Markera \b Ingen zon\b0  f\'f6r att inaktivera denna \b slagzon\b0  (slag i zonen motsvarar d\'e5 en v\'e4nsterklickning, precis som slag p\'e5 andra delar av plattan).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=17\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en funktion f\'f6r slag i din TouchPad-plattas \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis markerar \b Mittklickning\b0  s\'e5 medf\'f6r ett slag i TouchPad-plattans \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn samma sak som en mittklickning. Markera \b Ingen zon\b0  f\'f6r att inaktivera denna \b slagzon\b0  (slag i zonen motsvarar d\'e5 en v\'e4nsterklickning, precis som slag p\'e5 andra delar av plattan).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=18\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en funktion f\'f6r slag i din TouchPad-plattas \'f6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rn.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis markerar \b H\'f6gerklickning\b0  s\'e5 medf\'f6r ett slag i TouchPad-plattans \'f6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rn samma sak som en klickning med den h\'f6gra mus- eller TouchPad-knappen. Markera \b Ingen zon\b0  f\'f6r att inaktivera denna \b slagzon\b0  (slag i zonen motsvarar d\'e5 en v\'e4nsterklickning, precis som slag p\'e5 andra delar av plattan).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=19\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en funktion f\'f6r slag i din TouchPad-plattas nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rn.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis markerar \b H\'f6gerklickning\b0  s\'e5 medf\'f6r ett slag i TouchPad-plattans nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rn samma sak som en klickning med den h\'f6gra mus- eller TouchPad-knappen. Markera \b Ingen zon\b0  f\'f6r att inaktivera denna \b slagzon\b0  (slag i zonen motsvarar d\'e5 en v\'e4nsterklickning, precis som slag p\'e5 andra delar av plattan).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=20\cf0\par
Tryck p\'e5 denna knapp f\'f6r att \'f6ppna dialogrutan Egenskaper f\'f6r den markerade \'e5tg\'e4rden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=21\cf0\par
Illustrationen ovan \'e5terger ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Den streckade ytan i illustrationen visar de aktiva slagzonregionerna p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan l\'e4ggs pilar in l\'e4ngs kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-illustrationen f\'f6r att visa fingrets position. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv slagzonregion p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande slagzonyta i illustrationen en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg. G\'f6r slagzonregionerna st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra i en av de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna i h\'f6rnen p\'e5 de streckade omr\'e5dena.\par
\par
Om du har sv\'e5rt att utl\'f6sa en slagzonfunktion kan du prova med att g\'f6ra slagzonen st\'f6rre. Om det g\'e5r f\'f6r l\'e4tt att utl\'f6sa en slagzon kan du prova med att g\'f6ra slagzonen mindre.\par
\par
Om slagzonerna \'e4r gr\'e5 och inte g\'e5r att \'e4ndra ska du kontrollera att \b Slagning\b0  och \b Slagzoner\b0  \'e4r markerade.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=22\cf0\par
Detta avsnitt ger dig m\'f6jlighet att anpassa dina TouchPad-knappar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=23\cf0\par
\b Standardv\'e4rden\b0\par
\'c5terst\'e4ller alla inst\'e4llningar p\'e5 denna sida till deras standardv\'e4rden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=24\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja att g\'f6ra EdgeMotion-hastigheten antingen tryckk\'e4nslig eller fast.\par
\par
\b Kontrollera hastigheten med fingertryck\b0\par
Markera detta alternativ om du vill att EdgeMotion-hastigheten ska \'f6ka om du trycker fingret h\'e5rdare mot TouchPad-ytan.\par
\par
\b Fast hastighet\b0\par
Markera detta alternativ om du vill att EdgeMotion-hastigheten ska vara densamma hela tiden.\par
\par
\b Anpassa EdgeMotion-hastigheten\b0\par
Detta skjutreglage best\'e4mmer EdgeMotion-hastigheten om alternativet \b Fast hastighet\b0  har valts. Du kan v\'e4lja \'f6nskad EdgeMotion-hastighet genom att anpassa skjutreglaget mellan l\'e4gena \b L\'e5ngsam\b0  och \b Snabb\b0 .\par
\par
Om reglagen p\'e5 denna sida \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan anv\'e4ndas ska du kontrollera att EdgeMotion har aktiverats. G\'f6r s\'e5 h\'e4r f\'f6r att aktivera EdgeMotion:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera \b EdgeMotion\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera ett av \b Anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion\b0 -alternativen.\par
3.\tab Markera \b EdgeMotion-hastighet\b0  i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att g\'e5 tillbaks till denna sida.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=25\cf0\par
Om du markerar denna kryssrutan best\'e4ms EdgeMotion-hastigheten av hur h\'e5rt du trycker fingret mot TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
Om rutan inte \'e4r markerad r\'f6r sig pekaren med den hastighet som st\'e4llts in med skjutreglaget n\'e4r fingret befinner sig inom EdgeMotion-omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=26\cf0\par
Markera denna kryssruta om du vill ha en konstant EdgeMotion-hastighet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=27\cf0\par
Slag p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan inneb\'e4r samma sak som klickning med den v\'e4nstra TouchPad-\rdblquote musknappen\rdblquote . Att sl\'e5 \'e4r emellertid ofta snabbare och mer praktiskt \'e4n att anv\'e4nda musknappen.\par
\par
\rdblquote Sl\'e5\rdblquote  inneb\'e4r en snabb ber\'f6ring f\'f6ljd av att fingret lyfts bort fr\'e5n TouchPad-ytan. En l\'e4tt, snabb knackning fungerar b\'e4st. Mycket h\'e5rda eller l\'e5ngsamma slag fungerar mindre bra. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng f\'f6r en enkelklickning. Sl\'e5 tv\'e5 g\'e5nger i snabb f\'f6ljd f\'f6r en dubbelklickning.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera slagning\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera den h\'e4r funktionen. TouchPad-knapparna kan ocks\'e5 anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r att klicka. Om du avmarkerar den h\'e4r kryssrutan kan du bara anv\'e4nda TouchPad-knapparna f\'f6r att klicka.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=28\cf0\par
\b Handledning f\'f6r virtuell rullning\b0\par
Denna enkla labyrint hj\'e4lper dig att l\'e4ra dig att anv\'e4nda funktionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=29\cf0\par
Om kryssrutan \b Sl\'e5 f\'f6r att klicka\b0  inte \'e4r markerad m\'e5ste du trycka p\'e5 de faktiska TouchPad-knapparna f\'f6r att producera klickningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=30\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 igen och h\'e5ll f\'f6r att dra\b0\par
Markera denna kryssruta om du vill kunna dra f\'f6rem\'e5l och markeringar genom att sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad. F\'f6r att dra sl\'e5r du tv\'e5 g\'e5nger p\'e5 f\'f6rem\'e5let och h\'e5ller kvar fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan efter det andra slaget. Flytta det markerade f\'f6rem\'e5let genom att dra fingret \'f6ver TouchPad-ytan och sedan lyfta det n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa f\'f6rem\'e5let. Det ger samma resultat som att trycka p\'e5 en musknapp, flytta musen och sl\'e4ppa upp musknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=31\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s \b0\par
Funktionen \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0  g\'f6r det m\'f6jligt att dra f\'f6rem\'e5l l\'e5nga str\'e4ckor \'f6ver sk\'e4rmen med flera drag med fingret. N\'e4r \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0  \'e4r markerat forts\'e4tter dragnings\'e5tg\'e4rden \'e4ven efter det att du lyfter fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng till p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan eller klicka p\'e5 vilken knapp som helst f\'f6r att sl\'e4ppa f\'f6rem\'e5let och avsluta dragningen. Om du vill anv\'e4nda \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0  m\'e5ste funktionerna \b Slagning\b0  och \b Sl\'e5 igen och h\'e5ll f\'f6r att dra\b0  vara markerade.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=32\cf0\par
Funktionen \b PalmCheck\b0\'99 f\'f6rhindrar att TouchPad-plattan aktiveras vid oavsiktlig kontakt. PalmCheck ger TouchPad-plattan m\'f6jlighet att k\'e4nna av om din handled vilar mot eller stryks \'f6ver den n\'e4r du skriver. Det bidrar till att f\'f6rhindra o\'f6nskade pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar.\par
\par
Om TouchPad-plattan ger upphov till o\'f6nskade pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar h\'f6jer du parameterv\'e4rdet f\'f6r PalmCheck genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b Maximum\b0 . Om TouchPad-plattan missar avsedda r\'f6relser eller slag s\'e4nker du parameterv\'e4rdet f\'f6r PalmCheck genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster, mot \b Minimum\b0 . Risken f\'f6r missade r\'f6relser eller slag \'e4r st\'f6rre om skjutreglaget befinner sig i den r\'f6da zonen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=33\cf0\par
Skjutreglaget f\'f6r \b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0  ger dig m\'f6jlighet att best\'e4mma hur h\'e5rt fingertrycket m\'e5ste vara f\'f6r att TouchPad-plattan ska reagera.\par
\par
Om pekaren r\'f6r sig eller klickar p\'e5 ett ober\'e4kneligt s\'e4tt, eller om du arbetar p\'e5 en plats med h\'f6g luftfuktighet, kan du minska k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
Om du m\'e5ste trycka alltf\'f6r h\'e5rt f\'f6r att TouchPad-plattan ska reagera, eller om TouchPad-plattan inte registrerar alla slag, s\'e5 ska du \'f6ka k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster, mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=34\cf0\par
\b Rulla markerat f\'f6rem\'e5l \b0\par
Med alternativet Rulla markerat f\'f6rem\'e5l rullar du alltid i det specifika f\'f6nster i det aktiva program som har tangentbordsfokus. Du rullar i det f\'f6nster som har tangentbordsfokus \'e4ven om du inte h\'e5ller pekaren \'f6ver det aktiva programmet.\par
I till exempel Windows Explorer: Om du klickar p\'e5 den v\'e4nstra rutan och sedan rullar, oavsett var du h\'e5ller pekaren, rullar du i tr\'e4det med katalogstrukturen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=35\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera EdgeMotion vid rullning\b0  om du vill att rullningen ska forts\'e4tta n\'e4r fingret n\'e5r kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=36\cf0\par
\b Tryck-och-v\'e4lj betyder h\'f6gerklickning\b0\par
Detta alternativ ger en h\'f6germusklickning n\'e4r du sl\'e5r eller trycker p\'e5 pekpinnen. En h\'f6germusklickning anv\'e4nds normalt f\'f6r att \'f6ppna en sammanhangsberoende popupmeny.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=37\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Drivning\b0  hj\'e4lper dig att p\'e5 ett enkelt s\'e4tt rulla igenom l\'e5nga dokument. N\'e4r du anv\'e4nder Drivning s\'e5 forts\'e4tter den virtuella rullningen n\'e4r du lyfter fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan. F\'f6r att anv\'e4nda funktionen flyttar och lyfter du fingret i en enda smidig r\'f6relse. F\'f6r att avbryta funktionen s\'e4tter du tillbaks fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=38\cf0\par
\b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0\par
Markera denna kryssruta f\'f6r att aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t virtuell rullning i f\'f6nster som \'e4r f\'f6rsedda med v\'e5gr\'e4ta rullningslister. Du rullar det markerade f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let i sidled genom att dra fingret fram och tillbaka l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans nederkant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=39\cf0\par
\b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0\par
Markera denna kryssruta f\'f6r att aktivera lodr\'e4t virtuell rullning. Du rullar det markerade f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let i h\'f6jdled genom att dra fingret upp och ner l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans h\'f6gerkant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=40\cf0\par
Illustrationen ovan \'e5terger ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Den streckade ytan i illustrationen visar de virtuella rullningsregionerna p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan l\'e4ggs pilar in l\'e4ngs kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-illustrationen f\'f6r att visa fingrets position. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv virtuell rullningsregion p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande virtuella rullningsyta i illustrationen en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg. G\'f6r de virtuella rullningsregionerna st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra i en av de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna i kanten av det streckade omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Om du har sv\'e5rt att f\'e5 virtuell rullning att fungera kan du prova med att g\'f6ra regionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning st\'f6rre genom att flytta kanterna p\'e5 det streckade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om du tycker att virtuell rullning aktiveras alltf\'f6r l\'e4tt s\'e5 kan du prova med att g\'f6ra regionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning mindre.\par
\par
Om regionerna f\'f6r virtuell rullning \'e4r nedtonade, och inte kan \'e4ndras, ska du kontrollera att virtuell rullning har aktiverats. G\'f6r s\'e5 h\'e4r f\'f6r att aktivera virtuell rullning:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera \b Virtuell rullning\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera \'f6nskade kryssrutor f\'f6r \b Aktivera rullning\b0 .\par
3.\tab Markera \b Rullningsregion\b0  i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att g\'e5 tillbaks till denna sida.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=41\cf0\par
\b Knapp \'d6vning\b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knapp \b\'d6vning\b0  f\'f6r att g\'e5 till handledningen f\'f6r \b virtuell rullning\b0 . Denna enkla labyrint hj\'e4lper dig att l\'e4ra dig att anv\'e4nda funktionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning.\par
\par
OBS! Kontrollera att kryssrutorna \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0  och \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning \b0\'e4r markerade.\par
\par
Skaffa dig en \'f6verblick \'f6ver labyrinten innan du letar reda p\'e5 start- och slutpunkterna. Du kan inte se hela labyrinten, eftersom den \'e4r st\'f6rre \'e4n det f\'f6nster den visas i. Anv\'e4nd virtuell rullning f\'f6r att flytta dig omkring i labyrinten i f\'f6nstret. H\'e5ll Ctrl-tangenten nedtryckt och zooma sedan f\'f6r att g\'f6ra labyrinten st\'f6rre eller mindre med virtuell rullning.\par
\par
En gul punkt i labyrintens \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn markerar ing\'e5ngen till labyrinten. En bl\'e5 punkt i den h\'f6gra delen av labyrinten markerar utg\'e5ngen.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r b\'f6rjar du:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicka p\'e5 den r\'f6da fyrkanten i den gula punkten f\'f6r att starta.\par
2.\tab Anv\'e4nd piltangenterna eller sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att flytta dig omkring i labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Anv\'e4nd virtuell rullning f\'f6r att flytta den synliga delen av labyrinten i f\'f6nstret.\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 st\'e4ngningsknappen i \'f6vningsf\'f6nstret f\'f6r virtuell rullning n\'e4r du n\'e5tt den bl\'e5 punkten i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=42\cf0\par
Detta skjutreglage ger dig m\'f6jlighet att kontrollera hastigheten f\'f6r \b virtuell rullning\b0 . Dra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger f\'f6r snabbare rullning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=43\cf0\par
Anv\'e4nd detta avsnitt f\'f6r att anpassa pekarr\'f6relsen. V\'e4lj hj\'e4lp om de olika specifika omr\'e5dena f\'f6r ytterligare information.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=44\cf0\par
\b Tryck-och-v\'e4lj och dra\b0\par
V\'e4lj detta alternativ om du vill att tryckning ska ge en markering och dragning, och slagning enbart en markering.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=45\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Slow motion\b0  ger dig m\'f6jlighet att s\'e4nka pekarens hastighet, f\'f6r att f\'f6rb\'e4ttra pekningsnoggrannheten. Du aktiverar Slow Motion genom att trycka ner en specificerad tangent och h\'e5lla den nedtryckt under en pekarr\'f6relse.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r aktiverar du funktionen Slow motion:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera slow motion\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera alternativen i listrutan.\par
2.\tab V\'e4lj en tangent i listrutan f\'f6r aktivering av Slow motion.\par
3.\tab Tryck sedan p\'e5 den valda tangenten och h\'e5ll den nedtryckt n\'e4r du vill ha slow motion.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=46\cf0\par
Denna funktion flyttar automatiskt pekaren till en standardknapp n\'e4r en dialogruta \'f6ppnas p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=47\cf0\par
Ibland kan du vilja begr\'e4nsa pekaren till r\'f6relser i enbart antingen sidled eller h\'f6jdled. Du kan specificera en tangent f\'f6r framtvingad pekare, och sedan trycka p\'e5 den och h\'e5lla den nedtryckt n\'e4r du r\'f6r p\'e5 pekaren. Pekarens riktning n\'e4r denna tangent trycks ner best\'e4mmer om pekaren enbart kommer att kunna r\'f6ra sig v\'e5gr\'e4tt eller enbart lodr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=49\cf0\par
Val av alternativet f\'f6r \b H\'f6g\b0  pekaruppdateringsfrekrevens medf\'f6r i allm\'e4nhet mycket smidiga pekarr\'f6relser. Om pekaren emellertid upptr\'e4der p\'e5 ett ostadigt eller fladdrigt s\'e4tt p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen kan du prova med att v\'e4lja den \b l\'e5ga\b0  pekaruppdateringsfrekvensen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=50\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurera din TouchPad-platta p\'e5 sidorna med Synaptics TouchPad-egenskaper. Dessa sidor hittar du i kontrollpanelen f\'f6r musegenskaper.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=51\cf0\par
Klicka h\'e4r f\'f6r att starta din Internetwebbl\'e4sare och g\'e5 direkt till denna l\'e4nk.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=52\cf0\par
Panorering inneb\'e4r kontinuerlig rullning. Du kan panorera v\'e5gr\'e4tt, lodr\'e4tt eller diagonalt i b\'e4gge riktningarna!\par
\par
Observera att panorering bara kan anv\'e4ndas i applikationer som st\'f6der Microsofts Intellimouse, och att m\'e5nga av dessa applikationer begr\'e4nsar de riktningar du kan panorera i (Exempel: Microsoft Word l\'e5ter dig bara panorera i h\'f6jdled. I Microsoft Excel kan du panorera i b\'e5de h\'f6jd- och sidled, men inte diagonalt).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=53\cf0\par
Zoomning inneb\'e4r \'e4ndring av dokumentets f\'f6rstoringsgrad. Zooma in f\'f6r att \'f6ka f\'f6rstoringsgraden och zooma ut f\'f6r att minska f\'f6rstoringsgraden.\par
\par
Observera att du bara kan zooma i applikationer som st\'f6der Microsoft Intellimouse.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=54\cf0\par
Denna funktion flyttar automatiskt pekaren till knapp Start i aktivitetsf\'e4ltet och \'f6ppnar startmenyn.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=55\cf0\par
\b Hoppa till det aktuella f\'f6nstrets meny\b0\par
Denna funktion flyttar automatiskt pekaren till posten l\'e4ngst till v\'e4nster i det aktuella f\'f6nstrets meny (vanligen menyn \rdblquote Arkiv\rdblquote ) och \'f6ppnar den.\par
Funktionen fungerar inte med vissa f\'f6nster, som har menyer som inte \'e4r av standardtyp.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=56\cf0\par
Denna funktion minimerar det aktuella f\'f6nstret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=57\cf0\par
Denna funktion maximerar det aktuella f\'f6nstret, s\'e5 att det t\'e4cker hela sk\'e4rmen. Om det aktuella f\'f6nstret redan \'e4r maximerat s\'e5 \'e5terger denna funktion det dess ursprungliga storlek och l\'e4ge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=58\cf0\par
Denna funktion \'e5terger ett minimerat eller maximerat f\'f6nster dess ursprungliga storlek och l\'e4ge.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=59\cf0\par
Denna funktion k\'f6r automatiskt en funktion som du specificerar. N\'e4r du har valt denna funktion kan du v\'e4lja \'f6nskat program genom att klicka p\'e5 knapp Egenskaper intill kombinationsrutan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=60\cf0\par
Denna funktion ger dig m\'f6jlighet att anv\'e4nda hela TouchPad-ytan f\'f6r att kontrollera virtuell rullning\v Scroll_Through_A_Document_without_Using_Scroll_Bars>main\v0 . F\'f6r att \'e5terg\'e5 till de normala TouchPad-funktionerna utf\'f6r du bara samma gest en g\'e5ng till.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=61\cf0\par
Om den aktiva applikationen \'e4r en webbl\'e4sare g\'e5r funktionen till f\'f6reg\'e5ende sida i webbl\'e4sarens historikbuffert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=62\cf0\par
Om den aktiva applikationen \'e4r en webbl\'e4sare g\'e5r funktionen till n\'e4sta sida i webbl\'e4sarens historikbuffert.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=63\cf0\par
Denna funktion startar standardwebbl\'e4saren och g\'e5r till en webbsida. N\'e4r du har valt denna funktion kan du v\'e4lja \'f6nskad webbsida genom att klicka p\'e5 knapp Egenskaper intill kombinationsrutan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=64\cf0\par
Om den aktiva applikationen \'e4r en webbl\'e4sare f\'e5r den h\'e4r funktionen den aktuella webbsidan att laddas om fr\'e5n sin k\'e4lla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=65\cf0\par
Om den aktiva applikationen \'e4r en webbl\'e4sare f\'e5r den h\'e4r funktionen webbl\'e4saren att sluta ladda ner den aktuella webbsidan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=66\cf0\par
Att placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan och sedan r\'f6ra dem i en viss riktning kallas f\'f6r en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0 . Din TouchPad-platta kan k\'e4nna av s\'e5dana r\'f6relser i var och en av kompassens \'e5tta huvudriktningar. P\'e5 den h\'e4r sidan kan du anpassa den \'e5tg\'e4rd TouchPad-plattan utf\'f6r n\'e4r den k\'e4nner av en \b gest\b0 .\par
\par
Kryssa i rutan \b Aktivera\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera \b gestbearbetning\b0 . V\'e4lj sedan en \'e5tg\'e4rd i rullgardinslistan f\'f6r varje \b gestriktning\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=67\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans \'f6vre v\'e4nstra region.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=68\cf0\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=69\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans \'f6vre region.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=70\cf0\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=80\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans \'f6vre v\'e4nstra region.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=81\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans v\'e4nstra region.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=82\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans nedre h\'f6gra region.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=83\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans nedre region.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=84\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans nedre v\'e4nstra region.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=85\cf0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd som ska vidtas vid en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  i TouchPad-plattans v\'e4nstra region.\par
\par
Om du exempelvis v\'e4ljer \b Tryck p\'e5 tangent Page Up\b0  s\'e5 kommer en gest av detta slag att utf\'f6ra samma \'e5tg\'e4rd som om du trycker p\'e5 tangenten Page Up p\'e5 tangentbordet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=86\cf0\par
\b Spela in och spela upp ett tangentbordsmakro\b0\par
\par
Den h\'e4r funktionen spelar upp en f\'f6rinspelad tangenttryckningssekvens. N\'e4r du har valt denna funktion kan du spela in den tangenttryckningssekvens som ska spelas upp.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=87\cf0\par
\b Dialogrutan f\'f6r inspelning av tangentbordsmakro\b0\par
Med den h\'e4r dialogrutan kan du spela in en tangenttryckningssekvens f\'f6r senare uppspelning. S\'e5dana inspelade tangenttryckningssekvenser kallas f\'f6r \i tangentbordsmakron.\i0\par
\par
Tryck p\'e5 knapp \b Start\b0  f\'f6r att b\'f6rja makroinspelningen. Det aktiverar knapp \b Stopp\b0 , och inaktiverar knapp \b Start\b0 , vilket visar att inspelningen har b\'f6rjat. Eftersom alla knapptryckningar kommer att f\'e5ngas upp under inspelningen kan du bara g\'e5 ur inspelningsl\'e4get genom att trycka p\'e5 knapp Stopp med hj\'e4lp av musen.\par
\par
N\'e4r inspelning inte p\'e5g\'e5r kan du anv\'e4nda knapp \b Radera\b0  f\'f6r att t\'f6mma bufferten med inspelade tangenttryckningar. Under p\'e5g\'e5ende inspelning har denna knapp samma funktion som backstegningstangenten. N\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 knapp \b Bak\'e5t\b0  raderas den sista posten i bufferten med inspelade tangenttryckningar. Observera att du m\'e5ste trycka p\'e5 knapp \b Bak\'e5t\b0  med musen n\'e4r inspelning p\'e5g\'e5r.\par
\par
Allt eftersom tangenttryckningarna registreras s\'e5 visas de ocks\'e5 i inspelningsdialogrutans textf\'f6nster. Bokstavs-, siffer- och interpunktionstangenter visas i textf\'f6nstret p\'e5 samma s\'e4tt som de skulle ha \'e5tergivits i ett skrivet dokument. Tangenter med icke-skrivbara tecken \'e5terges i textf\'f6nstret i form av mnemosymboler inom klamrar.\par
\par
F\'f6r att g\'f6ra textf\'f6nstret l\'e4ttare att l\'e4sa l\'e4ggs de flesta tangenterna bara ut i textf\'f6nstret n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 dem. L\'e4gestangenterna (s\'e5som \b Skift\b0 , \b Ctrl\b0  och \b Alt\b0 ) l\'e4ggs emellertid ut i textf\'f6nstret b\'e5de n\'e4r du trycker ner dem och n\'e4r du sl\'e4pper upp dem. Det g\'f6r det m\'f6jligt att hitta \'e4ndringar av tangentbordsl\'e4get genom att \rdblquote l\'e4sa\rdblquote  textf\'f6nstret.\par
\par
Observera att textf\'f6nstret inte kan redigeras. Du kan exempelvis inte l\'e4gga till en tangent mitt i en redan inspelad sekvens. Om du vill g\'f6ra det m\'e5ste du rensa den inspelade bufferten och sedan spela in \'f6nskad tangenttryckningssekvens p\'e5 nytt.\par
\par
N\'e4r du \'e4r klar med en inspelning trycker du p\'e5 knapp \b OK\b0 , f\'f6r att spara den, eller p\'e5 knapp \b Avbryt\b0 , f\'f6r att kassera den. Du kan trycka p\'e5 endera knappen f\'f6r att st\'e4nga dialogrutan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=88\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en \'e5tg\'e4rd f\'f6r denna TouchPad-knapp. Du kan v\'e4lja vilken som helst av \'e5tg\'e4rderna i listan f\'f6r knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=89\cf0\par
Best\'e4mmer hur l\'e5ng tid som kan g\'e5 mellan klickningarna n\'e4r du dubbelklickar med din prim\'e4ra musknapp. Om du inte \'e4r van att anv\'e4nda musen kan dubbelklickningen underl\'e4ttas om du f\'f6r skjutreglaget i riktningen mot l\'e4ngre tid. Prova dubbelklickningshastigheten genom att dubbelklicka p\'e5 bilden inom testomr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=90\cf0\par
En plats f\'f6r provning av musens dubbelklickningshastighet. Om gubben i l\'e5dan dyker upp eller f\'f6rsvinner fungerade din dubbelklickning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=91\cf0\par
St\'e4ll in den hastighet pekaren r\'f6r sig med p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=92\cf0\par
Best\'e4mmer hur snabbt muspekaren accelererar till sin h\'f6gsta hastighet. Acceleration f\'e5r muspekaren att r\'f6ra sig l\'e4ngre n\'e4r du r\'f6r musen snabbt. Utan acceleration r\'f6r sig muspekaren med samma hastighet som musen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=93\cf0\par
L\'e4gger ut en svans efter muspekaren, vilket g\'f6r det l\'e4ttare att se den p\'e5 LCD-sk\'e4rmar. Dra i skjutreglaget f\'f6r att \'e4ndra svansens l\'e4ngd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=94\cf0\par
Kryssa i den h\'e4r rutan f\'f6r att aktivera de generella rullningsfunktionerna. Klicka p\'e5 inst\'e4llningsknappen f\'f6r att konfigurera rullningsfunktionerna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=95\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen f\'f6r att konfigurera rullningsfunktionerna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=96\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen f\'f6r att konfigurera funktionerna f\'f6r tv\'e5fingersgesten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=97\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen f\'f6r att konfigurera funktionerna f\'f6r trefingersgesten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=98\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen f\'f6r att konfigurera slagzonsfunktionerna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=99\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen f\'f6r att konfigurera EdgeMotion-funktionerna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=100\cf0\par
Om \b Inaktivera enhet\b0  har markerats kommer det aktuella pekdonet inte l\'e4gre att kunna anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r mark\'f6rf\'f6rflyttning, rullning eller andra funktioner.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=101\cf0\par
Att placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan och sedan r\'f6ra dem i en viss riktning kallas f\'f6r en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0 . Din TouchPad-platta kan k\'e4nna av s\'e5dana r\'f6relser i var och en av kompassens \'e5tta huvudriktningar.\par
\par
F\'f6r att aktivera \b tv\'e5fingersgester\b0  markerar du rutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingersgester\b0 ... Klicka sedan p\'e5 knappen f\'f6r tv\'e5fingersinst\'e4llningar f\'f6r att anpassa TouchPad-plattans \'e5tg\'e4rder n\'e4r en \b tv\'e5fingergest\b0  k\'e4nns av.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=102\cf0\par
Att placera tre fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan och sedan r\'f6ra dem i en viss riktning kallas f\'f6r en \b trefingersgest\b0 . Din TouchPad-platta kan k\'e4nna av s\'e5dana r\'f6relser i var och en av tv\'e5 kompassriktningar.\par
\par
F\'f6r att aktivera \b trefingersgester\b0  markerar du rutan \b Aktivera trefingersgester\b0 . Klicka sedan p\'e5 knappen f\'f6r \b trefingersinst\'e4llningar\b0  f\'f6r att anpassa TouchPad-plattans \'e5tg\'e4rder n\'e4r en \b trefingergest\b0  k\'e4nns av.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=103\cf0\par
Att placera tv\'e5 eller tre fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan och sedan r\'f6ra dem i en viss riktning kallas f\'f6r en \b fingergest\b0 . Din TouchPad-platta kan k\'e4nna av s\'e5dana r\'f6relser i var och en av kompassens \'e5tta huvudriktningar.\par
\par
Du kan aktivera valfri kombination av tv\'e5- eller trefingergester. Kryssa i en av rutorna \b Aktivera\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera gestbearbetning. Klicka sedan p\'e5 knappen f\'f6r trefingersinst\'e4llningar f\'f6r att anpassa TouchPad-plattans \'e5tg\'e4rder n\'e4r en trefingergest k\'e4nns av.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=104\cf0\par
Detta \'e4r en liten karta \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan med slagzonerna markerade med streckning. Dra i de svarta storleksf\'f6r\'e4ndringshandtagen f\'f6r att g\'f6ra slagzonerna st\'f6rre eller mindre. Pilar i kartans sida markerar din fingerposition p\'e5 den faktiska TouchPad-plattan. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv slagzonregion p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande slagzonyta p\'e5 kartan en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=105\cf0\par
\b Endast tryck-och-v\'e4lj\b0\par
V\'e4lj detta alternativ om du vill att slagning eller tryckning p\'e5 pinnen ska leda till en markering utan n\'e5gon dragning. Det \'e4r samma sak som en enkel musklickning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=106\cf0\par
Detta \'e4r en f\'f6rteckning \'f6ver alla tangenter som kan aktivera slow motion-l\'e4get. V\'e4lj \'f6nskad tangent genom att klicka p\'e5 posten ifr\'e5ga i listrutan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=107\cf0\par
\b Anpassa EdgeMotion-hastigheten\b0\par
Detta skjutreglage best\'e4mmer EdgeMotion-hastigheten om alternativet \b Fast hastighet\b0  har valts.\par
V\'e4lj \'f6nskad EdgeMotion-hastighet genom att skjuta skjutreglaget mellan \b L\'e5ngsam\b0  och \b Snabb\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=108\cf0\par
Markera en \'e5tg\'e4rd i listrutan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den h\'e4r knappen. M\'e5nga \'e5tg\'e4rder beh\'f6ver ingen ytterligare konfigurering. Om ytterligare information beh\'f6vs kommer emellertid knapp \b Konfigurera\b0  att aktiveras, eller ocks\'e5 \'f6ppnas en konfigurationsdialogruta. Du kan klicka p\'e5 knapp \b Konfigurera\b0  n\'e4r som helst f\'f6r att se p\'e5 eller \'e4ndra \'e5tg\'e4rdens konfiguration.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=109\cf0\par
Markera en \'e5tg\'e4rd i listrutan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den h\'e4r slagzonen. M\'e5nga \'e5tg\'e4rder beh\'f6ver ingen ytterligare konfigurering. Om ytterligare information beh\'f6vs kommer emellertid knapp \b Konfigurera\b0  att aktiveras, eller ocks\'e5 \'f6ppnas en konfigurationsdialogruta. Du kan klicka p\'e5 knapp \b Konfigurera\b0  n\'e4r som helst f\'f6r att se p\'e5 eller \'e4ndra \'e5tg\'e4rdens konfiguration.\par
\par
Flera olika \'e5tg\'e4rder kan tilldelas slagzonerna. Ytterligare funktioner kan finnas tillg\'e4ngliga om du har installerat tredjepartsprogramvara f\'f6r TouchPad av plug-in-typ.\par
\par
\ul\b Slagzonsfunktioner\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\b Hoppa till knapp Start\b0\par
Denna \'e5tg\'e4rd f\'e5r pekaren att hoppa till knapp \b Start\b0  i Windows aktivitetsf\'e4lt och att \'f6ppna \b startmenyn\b0  automatiskt.\par
\par
\b Minimera den aktuella applikationen\b0\par
Denna \'e5tg\'e4rd minimerar den aktuella applikationens f\'f6nster. Om den aktuella applikationens f\'f6nster redan \'e4r minimerat s\'e5 kommer \'e5tg\'e4rden att \'e5terge det dess normala storlek och plats.\par
\par
\b Maximera den aktuella applikationen\b0\par
Denna \'e5tg\'e4rd maximerar den aktuella applikationens f\'f6nster (s\'e5 att det t\'e4cker hela sk\'e4rmen). Om den aktuella applikationens f\'f6nster redan \'e4r maximerat s\'e5 kommer \'e5tg\'e4rden att \'e5terge det dess normala storlek och plats.\par
\par
\b K\'f6ra valfritt program\b0\par
Den h\'e4r funktionen ger dig m\'f6jlighet att ange namnet p\'e5 ett program som du vill ska k\'f6ras automatiskt n\'e4r du klickar med knappen eller sl\'e5r i slagzonen.\par
\par
Om listrutans alternativ \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan markeras ska du kontrollera att \b Slagning\b0  och \b Slagzoner\b0  har aktiverats.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=110\cf0\par
Patentmeddelanden\par
Rullningsval\par
Systeminst\'e4llningar\par
Enhetsinst\'e4llningar\par
p\'e5\par
Klibbiga kanter\par
Aktivera klibbiga kanter\par
Anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion endast vid &dragning\par
Anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion vid b\'e5de dragning och &pekning\par
Ingen EdgeMotion\par
Virtuell rullning\par
Fast hastighet\par
Endast tryck-och-v\'e4lj\par
Tryck f\'f6r att v\'e4lja dragning\par
Tryck f\'f6r att v\'e4lja \'e5tg\'e4rd\par
Tryck-och-v\'e4lj betyder v\'e4nsterklickning\par
Markera ett f\'f6rem\'e5l\par
Knappar\par
Aktivera knappar\par
Sl\'e5 och dra\par
Rullning \'f6ver l\'e5nga avst\'e5nd\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=111\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=112\cf0\par
Funktionerna f\'f6r \b Sl\'e5 och dra\b0  motsvarar \rdblquote musknapparnas\rdblquote  funktioner.\par
\par
\b Sl\'e5 igen och h\'e5ll f\'f6r att dra\b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att dra f\'f6rem\'e5l utan att trycka p\'e5 musknappen eller TouchPad-knappen. F\'f6r att dra sl\'e5r du tv\'e5 g\'e5nger p\'e5 f\'f6rem\'e5let och h\'e5ller kvar fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan efter det andra slaget. Flytta det markerade f\'f6rem\'e5let genom att dra fingret \'f6ver TouchPad-ytan och sedan lyfta det n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa f\'f6rem\'e5let.\par
\par
\b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0\par
Funktionen \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0  g\'f6r det m\'f6jligt att dra f\'f6rem\'e5l l\'e5nga str\'e4ckor \'f6ver sk\'e4rmen med flera drag med fingret. N\'e4r \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s \b0\'e4r markerat forts\'e4tter dragningsfunktionen \'e4ven efter det att du lyfter fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng till p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att sl\'e4ppa f\'f6rem\'e5let och avsluta dragningen. F\'f6r att du ska kunna anv\'e4nda funktionen \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0  s\'e5 m\'e5ste ocks\'e5 funktionen \b Sl\'e5 igen och h\'e5ll f\'f6r att dra\b0  vara markerad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=113\cf0\par
Funktionen f\'f6r \b virtuell rullning\b0  g\'f6r det m\'f6jligt f\'f6r dig att rulla med ett enda fingerslag. Virtuell rullning anv\'e4nder rullningslisterna automatiskt, och det finns d\'e4rf\'f6r inget behov av att flytta bort pekaren fr\'e5n ditt arbete. Virtuell rullning fungerar med de flesta applikationer som anv\'e4nder rullningsbara f\'f6nster s\'e5som ordbehandlingsdokument, kalkylblad och stora digitala bilder. Funktionen fungerar ocks\'e5 med s\'e5dana andra rullningsbara komponenter som fillistor och teckensnittslistor. Virtuell rullning ger den enklaste och smidigaste rullningen f\'f6r alla applikationer. Klicka i det f\'f6nster eller p\'e5 den komponent du vill rulla, och dra sedan fingret upp och ner l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans h\'f6gra kant f\'f6r att rulla lodr\'e4tt. F\'f6r att aktivera den h\'e4r funktionen markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0  eller \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0 . Om den virtuella rullningen inte fungerar ska du kontrollera att r\'e4tt kryssruta f\'f6r \b Aktivera rullning\b0  har markerats, och att det f\'f6nster eller den komponent du klickat p\'e5 kan rullas. Kontrollera inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b Rullningsregion\b0  om det \'e4nd\'e5 inte g\'e5r.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=114\cf0\par
Med hj\'e4lp av inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b K\'e4nslighet\b0  kan du anpassa det s\'e4tt p\'e5 vilket TouchPad-plattan reagerar p\'e5 din ber\'f6ring.\par
\par
F\'f6r att anpassa k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna markerar du ett alternativ i menytr\'e4det \b K\'e4nslighet\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=115\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=116\cf0\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=117\cf0\par
Illustrationen ovan \'e5terger ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Den streckade ytan i illustrationen visar EdgeMotion-regionerna p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan l\'e4ggs pilar in l\'e4ngs kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-illustrationen f\'f6r att visa fingrets position. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv EdgeMotion-region p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande EdgeMotion-yta i illustrationen en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg. G\'f6r de virtuella EdgeMotion-regionerna st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra i en av de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna i kanten av det streckade omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Om du har sv\'e5rt att f\'e5 EdgeMotion att fungera kan du prova med att g\'f6ra EdgeMotion-regionen st\'f6rre genom att flytta kanterna p\'e5 det streckade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om du tycker att EdgeMotion aktiveras alltf\'f6r l\'e4tt s\'e5 kan du prova med att g\'f6ra EdgeMotion-regionen mindre.\par
\par
Om EdgeMotion-regionerna \'e4r nedtonade, och inte kan \'e4ndras, ska du kontrollera att EdgeMotion har aktiverats. G\'f6r s\'e5 h\'e4r f\'f6r att aktivera EdgeMotion:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera \b EdgeMotion\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera ett av \b Anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion\b0 -alternativen.\par
3.\tab Markera \b EdgeMotion-region\b0  i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att g\'e5 tillbaks till denna sida.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=118\cf0\par
\b Patentinformation\b0\par
Den h\'e4r programvaran, den relaterade indataenheten, samt anv\'e4ndning av den relaterade indataenheten omfattas av ett eller flera av f\'f6ljande patent:\par
\par
\b United States patent nr. \b0\par
5\~374\~787; 5\~495\~077; 5\~543\~591; 5\~648\~642; 5\~841\~078; 5\~861\~583; 5\~880\~411; 5\~914\~465; 5\~943\~052; 6\~028\~271; 6\~057\~845; 6\~188\~391; 6\~239\~389; 6\~380\~931; 6\~414\~671; 6\~610\~936; 6\~642\~857; 6\~750\~852; 7\~031\~886; 7\~109\~978; 7\~129\~935; 7\~202\~859; 7\~212\~189; 7\~382\~360; 7\~446\~754; 7\~450\~113; 7\~451\~050; 7\~532\~205;\par
\par
\b Europeiskt patent nr.\b0\par
574213 [DE, FR, GB]; 777875 [DE, FR, GB]; 777888 [DE, FR, GB, IT]; 870223 [DE FR GB]; \par
\par
\b Koreanskt patent nr.\b0\par
264640; 274772; 277147;\par
\par
\b Taiwanesiskt patent nr.\b0\par
097091;\par
\par
\b Kinesiskt patent nr.\b0\par
ZL95195811.9; ZL97190278.X;\par
\par
\b Hong Kong, patentnummer\b0\par
1002568; 1017934;\par
\par
\b Japanskt patent nr.\b0\par
3526577; 3920833; 4031796;\par
\par
\b Singaporeanskt patent nr.\b0\par
54596;\par
\par
samt andra patent och ans\'f6kta patent.\par
\par
\b Varum\'e4rken\b0\par
ChiralMotion, ChiralRotate, ChiralScrolling, EdgeMotion, Momentum, PalmCheck, TouchPad, ClickPad, ClickEQ, TouchStyk, Scrybe, Synaptics, ChiralMotion-logotypen, Scrybe-logotypen och Synaptics-logotypen \'e4r varum\'e4rken som tillh\'f6r Synaptics Incorporated i USA och/eller andra l\'e4nder. Alla andra produkter, tj\'e4nster eller f\'f6retagsnamn som omn\'e4mns h\'e4ri \'e4r varum\'e4rken och varunamn som tillh\'f6r respektive f\'f6retag.\par
\par
\b Copyright\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-2010 Synaptics Incorporated. Med ensamr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=119\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Klibbiga kanter\b0  begr\'e4nsar pekarens r\'f6relsefrihet till inom det aktiva f\'f6nstret. Om du f\'f6rs\'f6ker flytta ut pekaren utanf\'f6r f\'f6nstret stannar den vid kanten. Om du f\'f6rs\'f6ker en andra g\'e5ng g\'e5r det bra att f\'f6ra ut pekaren ur f\'f6nstret.\par
\par
Genom att pekaren stannar vid f\'f6nstrets gr\'e4nser blir det l\'e4tt att n\'e5 de reglage som ligger kring f\'f6nstrets kanter. F\'f6r att st\'e4nga eller \'e4ndra storlek p\'e5 ett f\'f6nster kan du exempelvis snabbt f\'f6ra pekaren n\'e5gots\'e5n\'e4r i riktning mot st\'e4ngningsrutan, eller f\'f6nstrets kant. Pekaren stannar d\'e5 exakt d\'e4r du vill att den ska stanna.\par
\par
F\'f6r att aktivera denna funktion markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera klibbiga kanter\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=120\cf0\par
Knapparna p\'e5 denna sida best\'e4mmer hur funktionen tryck-och-v\'e4lj ska fungera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=121\cf0\par
\b Rullningshastighet\b0\par
Anv\'e4nd det h\'e4r skjutreglaget f\'f6r att kontrollera hur snabbt f\'f6nstret ska rulla n\'e4r du r\'f6r p\'e5 f\'f6nstret i regionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=122\cf0\par
Detta skjutreglage best\'e4mmer hur snabbt du beh\'f6ver trycka p\'e5 pekpinnen f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en \'e5tg\'e4rd som motsvarar en \rdblquote musklickning\rdblquote .\par
\par
V\'e4lj en h\'f6gra hastighet om du har problem med oavsiktliga klickningar. Om du i st\'e4llet har problem med att anv\'e4nda pekpinnen f\'f6r att klicka ska du v\'e4lja en l\'e4gre hastighet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=123\cf0\par
Hastighetsskjutreglaget g\'e5r fr\'e5n \rdblquote L\'e5ngsam tryckning\rdblquote  (v\'e4nster) till \rdblquote Snabb tryckning\rdblquote  (h\'f6ger).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=124\cf0\par
Best\'e4mmer om tryckning p\'e5 pekpinnen ska fungera som en h\'f6gerklickning (snabbmenyfunktion) i st\'e4llet f\'f6r en v\'e4nsterklickning (vanlig markeringsfunktion).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=125\cf0\par
\b Tryck-och-v\'e4lj\b0  kontrollerar pekpinnens tryck-och-v\'e4lj-funktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=126\cf0\par
Med hj\'e4lp av inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b K\'e4nslighet\b0  kan du anpassa det s\'e4tt p\'e5 vilket pekpinnen reagerar p\'e5 din ber\'f6ring.\par
\par
F\'f6r att anpassa k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna markerar du ett alternativ i menyn \b K\'e4nslighet\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=127\cf0\par
Skjutreglaget \b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0  ger dig m\'f6jlighet att kontrollera hur h\'e5rt fingertryck som ska beh\'f6vas f\'f6r att flytta pekaren med en viss hastighet. Om pekaren r\'f6r sig p\'e5 ett ober\'e4kneligt s\'e4tt kan du prova att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=128\cf0\par
Best\'e4mmer om tryckning p\'e5 pekpinnen ska kunna anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r att dra f\'f6rem\'e5l p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen eller inte.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=129\cf0\par
Tryckning p\'e5 denna knapp g\'e5r till handledningen f\'f6r virtuell rullning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=130\cf0\par
Detta avsnitt best\'e4mmer hur TouchPad-plattan ska fungera n\'e4r en extern PS2-enhet \'e4r ansluten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=131\cf0\par
TouchPad-plattan och den externa PS2-enheten kan anv\'e4ndas samtidigt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=132\cf0\par
Inaktivera TouchPad-plattan n\'e4r en extern PS2-enhet \'e4r ansluten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=133\cf0\par
Definierar hur l\'e5ngt en sida rullas n\'e4r du rullar hjulet ett steg. Du kan antingen rulla ett visst antal rader eller en hel sk\'e4rm.\par
\par
Hur m\'e5nga rader som avses med \rdblquote en sk\'e4rm\rdblquote  beror p\'e5 storleken p\'e5 ditt f\'f6nster och p\'e5 det program du anv\'e4nder. Funktionen motsvarar PAGE UP/PAGE DOWN-tangenterna p\'e5 tangentbordet, eller klickning i rullningslisten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=134\cf0\par
Klicka f\'f6r att best\'e4mma antalet raders rullning f\'f6r varje hjulsteg. Du kan beh\'f6va st\'e4nga och starta om dina applikationer f\'f6r att denna inst\'e4llning ska b\'f6rja g\'e4lla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=135\cf0\par
Klicka f\'f6r att rulla en sk\'e4rm f\'f6r varje hjulsteg. Du kan beh\'f6va st\'e4nga och starta om dina applikationer f\'f6r att denna inst\'e4llning ska b\'f6rja g\'e4lla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=136\cf0\par
Med hj\'e4lp av dessa alternativ kan du best\'e4mma vilket f\'f6nster eller f\'f6rem\'e5l som rullas n\'e4r du anv\'e4nder virtuell rullning. Markera de alternativ f\'f6r virtuell rullning som du vill aktivera.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=137\cf0\par
\b\'c5tg\'e4rd f\'f6r tryck-och-v\'e4lj\b0\par
Du kan konfigurera pekpinnen f\'f6r att konfigurera en h\'f6ger- eller v\'e4nstermusklickning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=138\cf0\par
\b Trefingergester\b0\par
En trefingergest \'e4r n\'e4r du l\'e5ter tre fingrar glida fr\'e5n den \'f6vre kanten till den nedre p\'e5 Touch Pad-plattan i en rak r\'f6relse utan att lyfta p\'e5 fingrarna och avslutar med att lyfta alla tre fingrar fr\'e5n Touch Pad-plattan samtidigt.\par
\par
Du kan t.ex. anv\'e4nda en trefingergest f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra handlingar som att \rdblquote g\'e5 till en webbsida i standardwebbl\'e4saren.\rdblquote  Varje g\'e5ng som du g\'f6r en trefingergest startas webbl\'e4saren automatiskt och laddar den angivna sidan.\par
\par
V\'e4lj kryssrutan \b Aktivera trefingergester\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera den h\'e4r funktionen. En trefingergest kan utf\'f6ras i tv\'e5 olika r\'f6relseriktningar: fr\'e5n den \'f6vre kanten till den nedre och fr\'e5n den nedre kanten till den \'f6vre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=139\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurera en handling f\'f6r f\'f6ljande trefingergester som visas i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster:\par
\par
\b\'d6verkant\b0 : L\'e5t tre fingrar glida \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja upptill och avsluta nedtill i en upp\'e5tg\'e5ende, vertikal r\'f6relse.\par
\par
\b Nederkant\b0 : L\'e5t tre fingrar glida \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja upptill och avsluta nedtill i en ned\'e5tg\'e5ende, vertikal r\'f6relse.\par
\par
Konfigurera en handling f\'f6r en trefingergest:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Kontrollera att du har markerat kryssrutan \b Aktivera trefingergester\b0 .\par
2.\tab Markera ett alternativ i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster. Markera alternativet som st\'e4mmer \'f6verens med den punkt d\'e4r riktningen p\'e5 r\'f6relsen ska avslutas. Om du t.ex. vill konfigurera en trefingergest som b\'f6rjar nedtill och avslutas upptill markerar du \b\'d6verkant.\b0\par
3.\tab Markera en handling i listan ovan f\'f6r att tilldela den vald r\'f6relse. Handlingen som har markerats kommer upp varje g\'e5ng som du g\'f6r den aktuella trefingergesten.\par
4.\tab M\'e5nga handlingar kr\'e4ver ingen ytterligare konfiguration. Om mer information kr\'e4vs, kommer knappen \b Konfigurera\b0  emellertid att aktiveras, eller s\'e5 visas en dialogruta f\'f6r konfigurering. Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera\b0  n\'e4r du vill visa eller \'e4ndra konfiguration f\'f6r handlingen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Om det inte g\'e5r att markera n\'e5gon av handlingarna i listan kontrollerar du att alternativen \'e4r aktiverade. G\'f6r p\'e5 f\'f6ljande s\'e4tt f\'f6r att aktivera alternativen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera \b Trefingergester\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera trefingergester\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e4lj var r\'f6relsen ska avslutas i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att komma tillbaka till den h\'e4r sidan.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=140\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5fingergester\b0\par
En tv\'e5fingergest \'e4r n\'e4r du placerar tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och f\'f6r dem fr\'e5n ena sidan (eller h\'f6rnet) p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan till motsatt sida (eller h\'f6rn) i en rak r\'f6relse utan att stanna upp och sedan lyfter b\'e5da fingrarna samtidigt fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
Du kan t.ex. anv\'e4nda en tv\'e5fingergest f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra handlingar som att \rdblquote g\'e5 till en webbsida i standardwebbl\'e4saren.\rdblquote  Varje g\'e5ng som du g\'f6r den aktuella tv\'e5fingergesten \'f6ppnas webbl\'e4saren automatiskt och laddar den angivna sidan.\par
\par
V\'e4lj kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingergester\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera den h\'e4r funktionen. Tv\'e5fingergester kan utf\'f6ras i \'e5tta olika riktningar:\par
\par
Vissa av gestriktningarna finns kanske inte tillg\'e4ngliga p\'e5 alla datorer.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=141\cf0\par
Du kan konfigurera en handling f\'f6r f\'f6ljande tv\'e5fingergester som visas i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster:\par
\par
\b Ovansida\b0 : L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja nedtill och avsluta upptill i en upp\'e5tg\'e5ende, vertikal r\'f6relse.\par
\par
\b\'d6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet:\b0  L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida diagonalt \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja i det nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet och avsluta r\'f6relsen i det \'f6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
\b H\'f6ger:\b0  L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida horisontellt \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan fr\'e5n v\'e4nster sida och avsluta r\'f6relsen p\'e5 h\'f6ger sida.\par
\par
\b Nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet:\b0  L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida diagonalt \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet och avsluta r\'f6relsen i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
\b Nedtill\b0 : L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja upptill och avsluta nedtill i en ned\'e5tg\'e5ende, vertikal r\'f6relse.\par
\par
\b Nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet:\b0  L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida diagonalt \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja i det \'f6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet och avsluta r\'f6relsen i det nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
\b V\'e4nster:\b0  L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida horisontellt \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan fr\'e5n h\'f6ger sida och avsluta r\'f6relsen p\'e5 v\'e4nster sida.\par
\par
\b\'d6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet:\b0  L\'e5t tv\'e5 fingrar glida diagonalt \'f6ver TouchPad-plattan. B\'f6rja i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet och avsluta r\'f6relsen i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
Konfigurera en handling f\'f6r en tv\'e5fingergest:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Kontrollera att du har markerat kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingergester\b0 .\par
2.\tab Markera ett alternativ i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster. Markera alternativet som st\'e4mmer \'f6verens med den punkt d\'e4r riktningen p\'e5 r\'f6relsen ska avslutas. Om du t.ex. vill konfigurera en tv\'e5fingergest som b\'f6rjar nedtill och avslutas upptill markerar du \b\'d6verkant.\b0\par
3.\tab Markera en handling i listan ovan f\'f6r att tilldela den vald r\'f6relse. Handlingen som har markerats kommer upp varje g\'e5ng som du g\'f6r den aktuella tv\'e5fingergesten.\par
4.\tab M\'e5nga handlingar kr\'e4ver ingen ytterligare konfiguration. Om mer information kr\'e4vs, kommer knappen \b Konfigurera\b0  emellertid att aktiveras, eller s\'e5 visas en dialogruta f\'f6r konfigurering. Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera\b0  n\'e4r du vill visa eller \'e4ndra konfiguration f\'f6r handlingen.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
Om det inte g\'e5r att markera n\'e5gon av handlingarna i listan kontrollerar du att alternativen \'e4r aktiverade. G\'f6r p\'e5 f\'f6ljande s\'e4tt f\'f6r att aktivera alternativen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera \b Tv\'e5fingergester\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingergester\b0 .\par
3.\tab V\'e4lj var r\'f6relsen ska avslutas i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att komma tillbaka till den h\'e4r sidan.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=142\cf0\par
I f\'f6nstret \b Egenskaper\b0  kan du l\'e4gga in de parametrar f\'f6r pekdonet du sj\'e4lv f\'f6redrar. Anv\'e4nd menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster f\'f6r att g\'e5 till de olika parametrar som kan st\'e4llas in.\par
\par
\b Anv\'e4nda f\'f6nstret Egenskaper\b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 ett alternativ i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att g\'e5 till en sida med inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r alternativet ifr\'e5ga. Vissa alternativ har flera sidor med inst\'e4llningar. Klicka p\'e5 plustecknet (+) intill ett alternativ f\'f6r att se alla tillh\'f6rande sidor. Inst\'e4llningarna visas i f\'f6nstret till h\'f6ger om menytr\'e4det. Information om alternativen, och anvisningar f\'f6r hur de \'e4ndras, visas i den h\'e4r informationsrutan. Du kan anv\'e4nda rullningslisten f\'f6r att flytta dig omkring i informationsrutan.\par
\par
\b\'c5terst\'e4llning alla standardv\'e4rden\b0\par
Med knappen \b\'c5terst\'e4ll alla standardv\'e4rden\b0  \'e5terst\'e4ller du alla inst\'e4llningarna p\'e5 sidorna till standardv\'e4rdena fr\'e5n fabriken.\par
\par
\b\'c5terst\'e4ll sidstandardv\'e4rden\b0\par
Med knappen \b\'c5terst\'e4ll sidstandardv\'e4rden\b0  \'e5terst\'e4ller du alla inst\'e4llningarna p\'e5 den aktuella sidan till standardv\'e4rdena fr\'e5n fabriken.\par
\par
\b Knapp OK\b0\par
Knapp \b OK\b0  spar dina \'e4ndringar och st\'e4nger f\'f6nster Egenskaper.\par
\par
\b Knapp Avbryt\b0\par
Knapp \b Avbryt\b0  st\'e4nger f\'f6nster Egenskaper utan att spara \'e4ndringarna och \'e5terg\'e5r till de tidigare inst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\b Knapp Verkst\'e4ll\b0\par
Knapp \b Verkst\'e4ll\b0  spar dina \'e4ndringar men h\'e5ller f\'f6nster Egenskaper \'f6ppet, s\'e5 att du kan g\'f6ra ytterligare \'e4ndringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=143\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Virtuell rullning\b0  kan du rulla webbsidor, dokument och andra f\'f6rem\'e5l med en TouchPad. S\'e4tt fingret i bl\'e4ddringszonen (TouchPad-plattans yttre kant) och r\'f6r fingret runt i cirklar. En liten upph\'f6jd kant p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta underl\'e4ttar fingrets r\'f6relse. Du beh\'f6ver dock inte begr\'e4nsa dig till det yttre omr\'e5det n\'e4r du har b\'f6rjat rulla. Det r\'e4cker att b\'f6rja i bl\'e4ddringszonen. Du kan r\'f6ra fingret mot TouchPad-plattans mitt och rulla med sm\'e5 cirkelr\'f6relser i mitten om du hellre vill det. N\'e4r du vill sluta rulla lyfter du upp fingret.\par
\par
N\'e5gra av alternativen f\'f6r Virtuell rullning \'e4r: lodr\'e4t rullning (ned\'e5t och upp\'e5t), lodr\'e4t rullning och v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning (ned\'e5t, upp\'e5t, \'e5t h\'f6ger och \'e5t v\'e4nster), rullningsljud (ljudeffekter) och ingen rullning alls.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=144\cf0\par
\b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0\par
V\'e4lj det h\'e4r alternativet n\'e4r du vill rulla ned\'e5t eller upp\'e5t.\par
\par
Om du vill rulla ned\'e5t placerar du fingret n\'e5gonstans i bl\'e4ddringszonen och r\'f6r fingret i cirklar medsols.\par
\par
Om du vill rulla upp\'e5t placerar du fingret n\'e5gonstans i bl\'e4ddringszonen och r\'f6r fingret i cirklar motsols.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=145\cf0\par
\b Aktivera lodr\'e4t och v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0\par
V\'e4lj det h\'e4r alternativet n\'e4r du vill rulla ned\'e5t, upp\'e5t, \'e5t h\'f6ger och \'e5t v\'e4nster. Till h\'f6ger i bl\'e4ddringszonen styr du lodr\'e4t rullning. I den nedre delen av bl\'e4ddringszonen styr du v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning.\par
\par
Om du vill rulla ned\'e5t placerar du fingret i den h\'f6gra delen av bl\'e4ddringszonen och r\'f6r fingret i cirklar medsols.\par
\par
Om du vill rulla upp\'e5t placerar du fingret i den h\'f6gra delen av bl\'e4ddringszonen och r\'f6r fingret i cirklar motsols.\par
\par
Om du vill rulla \'e5t h\'f6ger placerar du fingret i den nedre delen av bl\'e4ddringszonen och r\'f6r fingret i cirklar motsols.\par
\par
Om du vill rulla \'e5t v\'e4nster placerar du fingret i den nedre delen av bl\'e4ddringszonen och r\'f6r fingret i cirklar medsols.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=146\cf0\par
\b Aktivera rullningsljud\b0\par
V\'e4lj det h\'e4r alternativet om du vill ha ljudeffekter medan du rullar.\par
\par
OBS! Du m\'e5ste \'e4ven v\'e4lja \b Lodr\'e4t rullning\b0  eller \b Lodr\'e4t och v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=147\cf0\par
\b Avaktivera rullning\b0\par
Om du inte vill anv\'e4nda n\'e5gon av funktionerna f\'f6r virtuell rullning v\'e4ljer du \b Avaktivera rullning\b0 . Med det h\'e4r alternativet kan du anv\'e4nda bl\'e4ddringszonen f\'f6r att peka och sl\'e5 i st\'e4llet f\'f6r att rulla.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=148\cf0\par
\b Belysningsalternativ\b0\par
\par
Pekdonet LuxPad har en m\'e4ngd olika belysningsalternativ. Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera belysning\b0  om du vill g\'f6ra egna inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r LuxPads ljuseffekter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=149\cf0\par
\b Ljusstyrka\b0\par
\par
Du kan v\'e4lja olika niv\'e5er f\'f6r ljusstyrka n\'e4r datorn \'e4r ansluten till en str\'f6mk\'e4lla och n\'e4r den k\'f6rs p\'e5 batteriet. Det \'e4r anv\'e4ndbart med olika inst\'e4llningar n\'e4r det \'e4r viktigt att f\'f6rl\'e4nga batteriets livsl\'e4ngd.\par
\par
De olika alternativen f\'f6r ljusstyrka f\'f6r \b Extern str\'f6mf\'f6rs\'f6rjning\b0  och \b Batteri\b0  \'e4r \b Svag\b0 , \b Medelsstark\b0  och \b Stark\b0 .\par
\par
Om alternativen p\'e5 sidan \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan v\'e4ljas, kan du aktivera dem genom att klicka p\'e5 \b Belysningsalternativ\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster. Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera belysning\b0  och g\'e5 sedan tillbaka till \b sidan Ljusstyrka\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=150\cf0\par
\b Belysningstid\b0\par
\par
P\'e5 sidan \b Belysningstid\b0  finns en m\'e4ngd olika alternativ f\'f6r ljuseffekter.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Alltid p\'e5\b0  om du vill att LuxPad ska lysa hela tiden efter det att du har loggat in.\par
\par
Alternativen\b  Belysningstid efter inloggning\b0  och\b  Belysningen aktiveras n\'e4r plattan ber\'f6rs\b0  \'e4r bara tillg\'e4ngliga n\'e4r kryssrutan \b Alltid p\'e5 \'e4r avmarkerad\b0 . Om kryssrutan \b Alltid p\'e5\b0  \'e4r markerad kan du avmarkera den genom att klicka p\'e5 den.\par
\par
Med skjutreglaget f\'f6r \b Belysningstid efter inloggning\b0  kan du ange hur l\'e4nge du vill att LuxPad ska lysa efter det att du har loggat in. Flytta skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster om du vill ha belysning en kortare tid och \'e5t h\'f6ger om du vill ha belysning en l\'e4ngre tid.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan\b  Belysningen aktiveras n\'e4r plattan ber\'f6rs\b0  om du vill att LuxPad ska lysa n\'e4r fingret vidr\'f6r LuxPads yta. LuxPad lyser varje g\'e5ng du vidr\'f6r den.\par
\par
Om alternativen p\'e5 sidan \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan v\'e4ljas, kan du aktivera dem genom att klicka p\'e5 \b Belysningsalternativ\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster. Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera belysning\b0  och g\'e5 sedan tillbaka till sidan\b  Belysningstid\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=151\cf0\par
Om du vill flytta mark\'f6ren med hj\'e4lp av pekpinnen eller TouchPad-plattan markerar du ett av alternativen \b Aktivera\b0 .\par
\par
Du kan aktivera b\'e5de pekpinnen och TouchPad-plattan. Om du g\'f6r det kan du flytta mark\'f6ren med b\'e5da.\par
\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda pekknappar, knappar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan eller b\'e5de och markerar du ett av alternativen \b Aktivera\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=152\cf0\par
V\'e4lj ett av alternativen \b Avaktivera\b0  f\'f6r den enhet eller de enhetsknappar som du inte vill anv\'e4nda. P\'e5 s\'e5 s\'e4tt kan du inte aktivera dem av misstag n\'e4r du skriver eller pekar.\par
\par
Obs! Du kan inte avaktivera b\'e5de pekpinnen och TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=153\cf0\par
Om du vill \'e4ndra den handling som \'e4r tilldelad tryckningar p\'e5 en \b v\'e4nsterknapp\b0 , \b b\'e5da knapparna\b0  eller en h\'f6gerknapp, visar du alternativen genom att klicka p\'e5 nedpilen i rullgardinslistan. V\'e4lj en handling.\par
\par
Om det kr\'e4vs mer information f\'f6r den valda handlingen aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=154\cf0\par
Om det kr\'e4vs mer information f\'f6r den valda handlingen i rullgardinslistan aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera.\b0  Klicka p\'e5 \b Konfigurera\b0  och ange informationen i dialogrutan. Klicka p\'e5 \b OK.\b0  Inst\'e4llningen sparas och dialogrutan st\'e4ngs.\par
\par
Du kan visa eller \'e4ndra inst\'e4llningarna n\'e4r som helst genom att klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=155\cf0\par
Om du vill \'e5terst\'e4lla standardinst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r alla f\'f6rem\'e5l i f\'f6nstret klickar du p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=156\cf0\par
Om du vill utf\'f6ra en prim\'e4r klickning med ett fingerslag markerar du kryssrutan \b Sl\'e5 f\'f6r att klicka\b0 . Ett fingerslag \'e4r en snabb r\'f6relse upp och ned.\par
\par
N\'e4r kryssrutan \'e4r avmarkerad kan du bara utf\'f6ra en prim\'e4r klickning genom att trycka p\'e5 en knapp.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=157\cf0\par
Om du vill dra objekt utan att trycka p\'e5 en knapp p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan markerar du kryssrutan \b Sl\'e5 och dra.\b0\par
\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda den h\'e4r funktionen markerar du ett objekt genom att sl\'e5 p\'e5 det. S\'e4tt snabbt tillbaka fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och drar det \'e5t det h\'e5ll som du vill dra objektet. Lyft fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa objektet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=158\cf0\par
Om du vill dra objekt \'f6ver sk\'e4rmen med flera drag med fingret markerar du kryssrutan \b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0 .\par
\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda alternativet Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s markerar du ett objekt genom att sl\'e5 p\'e5 det. Dra fingret s\'e5 m\'e5nga g\'e5nger det beh\'f6vs p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att flytta objektet dit du vill. Du beh\'f6ver inte h\'e5lla kvar fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Det markerade objektet sl\'e4pps inte f\'f6rr\'e4n du sl\'e5r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=159\cf0\par
Du kan anv\'e4nda det h\'e4r skjutreglaget n\'e4r du vill ange hur stort fingertryck som beh\'f6vs f\'f6r att TouchPad-plattan ska reagera. Om pekaren r\'f6r sig p\'e5 ett ober\'e4kneligt s\'e4tt kan du flytta skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=160\cf0\par
Om du vill undvika o\'f6nskade pekarr\'f6relser och klickningar n\'e4r du skriver markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera PalmCheck\b0 .\par
\par
Den h\'e4r funktionen g\'f6r att TouchPad-plattan k\'e4nner av om din hand vilar mot eller stryks \'f6ver ytan n\'e4r du skriver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=161\cf0\par
Anv\'e4nd det h\'e4r skjutreglaget n\'e4r du vill ange k\'e4nsligheten f\'f6r PalmCheck.\par
\par
Om TouchPad-plattan ger upphov till o\'f6nskade pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar h\'f6jer du parameterv\'e4rdet f\'f6r PalmCheck genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger. Om du f\'f6r skjutreglaget s\'e5 l\'e5ngt det g\'e5r \'e5t h\'f6ger, n\'e4ra \b Maximum\b0 -inst\'e4llningen, \'f6kar dock risken f\'f6r missade r\'f6relser eller slag.\par
\par
Om TouchPad-plattan missar avsedda r\'f6relser och slag minskar du k\'e4nsligheten f\'f6r PalmCheck genom att flytta skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=162\cf0\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du forts\'e4tta att flytta pekaren n\'e4r du har n\'e5tt TouchPad-plattans kant.\par
\par
Utan EdgeMotion m\'e5ste du dra flera drag med fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan eller \'f6ka pekarens r\'f6relsehastighet p\'e5 fliken \b Pekaralternativ\b0  om du vill g\'f6ra det l\'e4ttare att flytta pekaren l\'e5nga avst\'e5nd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=163\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda \i EdgeMotion\i0  f\'f6r dragester (sl\'e5 och dra och sl\'e5 och l\'e5s) markerar du kryssrutan \b Under dragning\b0 .\par
\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du forts\'e4tta att flytta pekaren n\'e4r du har n\'e5tt TouchPad-plattans kant.\par
\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat ger vanliga pekarr\'f6relser ingen EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=164\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda \i EdgeMotion\i0  n\'e4r fingret n\'e5r TouchPad-plattans kant markerar du kryssrutan \b N\'e4r du pekar\b0 .\par
\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du forts\'e4tta att flytta pekaren n\'e4r du har n\'e5tt TouchPad-plattans kant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=165\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda \i EdgeMotion\i0  n\'e4r du anv\'e4nder funktionen \b Virtuell rullning\b0  markerar du kryssrutan Under \b rullning\b0 .\par
\par
Med EdgeMotion kan du forts\'e4tta att flytta pekaren n\'e4r du har n\'e5tt TouchPad-plattans kant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=166\cf0\par
Den h\'e4r illustrationen \'e5terger ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Den streckade ytan i illustrationen visar EdgeMotion-regionerna p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans illustration f\'f6r att visa fingrets position. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv EdgeMotion-region p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande EdgeMotion-yta i illustrationen en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg. Du kan g\'f6ra EdgeMotion-regionerna st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra i en av de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna i kanten av det streckade omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Om det \'e4r sv\'e5rt att f\'e5 EdgeMotion att fungera kan du prova att g\'f6ra EdgeMotion-regionen st\'f6rre genom att flytta kanterna p\'e5 det streckade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om du tycker att EdgeMotion aktiveras alltf\'f6r l\'e4tt s\'e5 kan du prova med att g\'f6ra EdgeMotion-regionen mindre.\par
\par
Om EdgeMotion-regionerna \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan \'e4ndras v\'e4ljer du n\'e5got av EdgeMotion-alternativen. Sedan kan du \'e4ndra storlek p\'e5 regionerna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=167\cf0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan om du vill anv\'e4nda tryckk\'e4nslig hastighet. N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat flyttas pekaren snabbare n\'e4r du trycker h\'e5rdare.\par
\par
Om du vill ha en konstant hastighet avmarkerar du kryssrutan \b Kontrollera EdgeMotion-hastigheten genom att trycka med ett finger\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=168\cf0\par
Anv\'e4nd det h\'e4r skjutreglaget om du vill ange EdgeMotion-hastigheten n\'e4r kryssrutan \b Kontrollera EdgeMotion-hastigheten genom att trycka med ett finger\b0  \'e4r avmarkerad. Dra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger om du vill ha snabbare EdgeMotion och \'e5t v\'e4nster om du vill ha l\'e5ngsammare EdgeMotion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=169\cf0\par
Om du vill att en handling ska utf\'f6ras n\'e4r du sl\'e5r p\'e5 slagzonen markerar du kryssrutan\b  Aktivera slagzoner\b0 . Varje h\'f6rn p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta kan aktiveras som en slagzon.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=170\cf0\par
Om du vill tilldela slagzonen en handling v\'e4ljer du ett alternativ i rullgardinslistan. Om det kr\'e4vs mer information f\'f6r den valda handlingen aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=171\cf0\par
Den h\'e4r illustrationen \'e5terger ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Den streckade ytan i illustrationen visar de aktiva slagzonregionerna p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans illustration f\'f6r att visa fingrets position. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv slagzonregion p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande slagzonyta i illustrationen en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg. Du kan g\'f6ra slagzonregionerna st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra i en av de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna i h\'f6rnen p\'e5 de streckade omr\'e5dena.\par
\par
Om du har sv\'e5rt att utl\'f6sa en slagzonfunktion kan du prova med att g\'f6ra slagzonen st\'f6rre. Om det g\'e5r f\'f6r l\'e4tt att utl\'f6sa en slagzon kan du prova med att g\'f6ra slagzonen mindre.\par
\par
Om slagzonerna \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan \'e4ndras markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera slagzon\b0 . Sedan kan du \'e4ndra storlek p\'e5 dem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=172\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda \b fram\'e5t-\b0  och \b tillbaka\b0  knapparna i en webbl\'e4sare med en svepande gest markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera tillbaka-/fram\'e5tgester\b0 .\par
\par
Om du vill g\'f6ra en fram\'e5t- eller tillbakagest placerar du fingret l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans \'f6vre kant och r\'f6r fingret \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster. Om du r\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster \'e4r det samma sak som att klicka p\'e5 tillbakaknappen. Om du r\'f6r fingret \'e5t h\'f6ger \'e4r det samma sak som att klicka p\'e5 fram\'e5tknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=173\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda funktionerna f\'f6r virtuell rullning markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera rullning\b0 .\par
\par
N\'e4r virtuell rullning \'e4r aktiverad rullar du det markerade f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let i h\'f6jdled genom att dra fingret upp och ned l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans h\'f6gerkant. Rulla det markerade f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let i sidled genom att dra fingret fram och tillbaka l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans nederkant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=174\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 den h\'e4r knappen om du vill visa alternativen f\'f6r virtuell rullning och \'e4ndra inst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=175\cf0\par
Om du vill rulla det aktiva f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let v\'e4ljer du alternativet \b Rulla markerat f\'f6rem\'e5l\b0 . Det aktiva f\'f6rem\'e5let \'e4r vanligen det senaste f\'f6nstret, en del av ett f\'f6nster eller ett f\'f6rem\'e5l som du har klickat p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=176\cf0\par
V\'e4lj det h\'e4r alternativet om du vill rulla ett f\'f6rem\'e5l som finns under pekaren i ett aktivt program. Det h\'e4r alternativet g\'f6r att du kan rulla f\'f6rem\'e5let under pekaren utan att f\'f6rst klicka p\'e5 f\'f6rem\'e5let.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=177\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera drivning\b0  om du vill underl\'e4tta rullning genom l\'e5nga dokument. Om du anv\'e4nder drivning s\'e5 forts\'e4tter den virtuella rullningen n\'e4r du lyfter fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda drivning flyttar och lyfter du fingret i en enda smidig v\'e5gr\'e4t eller lodr\'e4t r\'f6relse. Om du vill avsluta drivning r\'f6r du vid TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=178\cf0\par
Den h\'e4r illustrationen \'e5terger ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Den streckade ytan i illustrationen visar de virtuella rullningsregionerna p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans illustration f\'f6r att visa fingrets position. Om fingret befinner sig i en aktiv virtuell rullningsregion p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r motsvarande virtuella rullningsyta i illustrationen en helt\'e4ckande f\'e4rg. G\'f6r de virtuella rullningsregionerna st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra i en av de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna i kanten av det streckade omr\'e5det.\par
\par
Om det \'e4r sv\'e5rt att f\'e5 virtuell rullning att fungera kan du prova att g\'f6ra regionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning st\'f6rre genom att flytta kanterna p\'e5 det streckade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om du tycker att virtuell rullning aktiveras alltf\'f6r l\'e4tt s\'e5 kan du prova med att g\'f6ra regionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning mindre.\par
\par
Om regionerna f\'f6r virtuell rullning \'e4r nedtonade och inte kan \'e4ndras v\'e4ljer du ett alternativ f\'f6r virtuell rullning. Sedan kan du \'e4ndra storlek p\'e5 regionerna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=179\cf0\par
Om du vill g\'e5 till handledningen f\'f6r virtuell rullning klickar du p\'e5 \b\'d6vning\b0 . Denna enkla labyrint hj\'e4lper dig att l\'e4ra dig att anv\'e4nda funktionen f\'f6r virtuell rullning.\par
\par
Obs! Kontrollera att kryssrutorna \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0  och \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning \b0\'e4r markerade.\par
\par
Skaffa dig en \'f6verblick \'f6ver labyrinten innan du letar reda p\'e5 start- och slutpunkterna. Du kan inte se hela labyrinten, eftersom den \'e4r st\'f6rre \'e4n det f\'f6nster den visas i. Anv\'e4nd virtuell rullning f\'f6r att flytta dig omkring i labyrinten i f\'f6nstret. H\'e5ll \b Ctrl-tangenten\b0  nedtryckt och zooma sedan f\'f6r att g\'f6ra labyrinten st\'f6rre eller mindre med virtuell rullning.\par
\par
En gul punkt i labyrintens \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn markerar ing\'e5ngen till labyrinten. En bl\'e5 punkt i den h\'f6gra delen av labyrinten markerar utg\'e5ngen.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r b\'f6rjar du:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicka p\'e5 den r\'f6da fyrkanten i den gula punkten f\'f6r att starta.\par
2.\tab Anv\'e4nd \b piltangenterna\b0  eller sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan n\'e4r du vill f\'f6rflytta dig i labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Anv\'e4nd virtuell rullning f\'f6r att flytta den synliga delen av labyrinten i f\'f6nstret.\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 \b st\'e4ngningsknappen\b0  i \'f6vningsf\'f6nstret\b  f\'f6r virtuell rullning n\'e4r du har n\'e5tt den bl\'e5 punkten i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet\b0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=180\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda virtuell rullning i f\'f6nster som har v\'e5gr\'e4ta rullningslister markerar du kryssrutan \b V\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0 . Du rullar det markerade f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let i sidled genom att dra fingret fram och tillbaka l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans nederkant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=181\cf0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda virtuell rullning i f\'f6nster som har lodr\'e4ta rullningslister markerar du kryssrutan \b Lodr\'e4t rullning\b0 . Du rullar det markerade f\'f6nstret eller f\'f6rem\'e5let i h\'f6jdled genom att dra fingret upp och ned l\'e4ngs TouchPad-plattans h\'f6gerkant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=182\cf0\par
Detta skjutreglage ger dig m\'f6jlighet att kontrollera hastigheten f\'f6r virtuell rullning. Dra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger f\'f6r snabbare rullning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=183\cf0\par
Om du vill utf\'f6ra en viss handling med slag- och tryckr\'f6relser markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera tryck-och-v\'e4lj\b0 . Handlingar tilldelas i rullgardinslistan \b Slagnings\'e5tg\'e4rd\b0 .\par
\par
\i "Slag" \i0\'e4r en snabb fingerr\'f6relse ned och upp p\'e5 pekpinnen. En l\'e4tt, snabb knackning fungerar b\'e4st. Mycket h\'e5rda eller l\'e5ngsamma slag fungerar mindre bra. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng f\'f6r en enkelklickning. Sl\'e5 tv\'e5 g\'e5nger i snabb f\'f6ljd f\'f6r en dubbelklickning.\par
\par
\i "Tryck" \i0 betyder en snabb tryckning ned\'e5t p\'e5 pekpinnen med ett finger. En l\'e4tt, best\'e4md tryckning fungerar b\'e4st. Tryck rakt ned f\'f6r att simulera klickning med och nedh\'e5llning av musknappen. Tryck rakt ned och d\'e4refter \'e5t sidan f\'f6r att klicka och dra i valfri riktning. Lyft fingret n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa objektet som du drar.\par
\par
N\'e4r kryssrutan \b Aktivera tryck-och-v\'e4lj \b0\'e4r avmarkerad m\'e5ste du trycka p\'e5 en knapp om du vill utf\'f6ra en prim\'e4r klickning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=184\cf0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan om du vill f\'f6rhindra o\'f6nskade klickningar n\'e4r du skriver.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=185\cf0\par
Om du vill tilldela en handling till slag eller pekpinnen v\'e4ljer du ett alternativ i rullgardinslistan \b Slagnings\'e5tg\'e4rd\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=186\cf0\par
Anv\'e4nd det h\'e4r skjutreglaget n\'e4r du vill ange hur snabbt du m\'e5ste sl\'e5 p\'e5 pekpinnen f\'f6r klickningar och dubbelklickningar.\par
\par
Om hastigheten \'e4r f\'f6r l\'e5ngsam kan det orsaka oavsiktliga klickningar, pekarf\'f6rdr\'f6jning eller dragf\'f6rdr\'f6jning. Om hastigheten \'e4r f\'f6r h\'f6g kan det vara sv\'e5rt att anv\'e4nda Tryck-och-v\'e4lj.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=187\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera rullning\b0  om du vill anv\'e4nda virtuell rullning. N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat kan pekpinnen bara anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r virtuell rullning i sidled och h\'f6jdled. Du m\'e5ste anv\'e4nda TouchPad-plattan eller en extern mus om du vill flytta mark\'f6ren.\par
\par
Anv\'e4nd virtuell rullning genom att trycka p\'e5 pekpinnen \'e5t det h\'e5ll som du vill rulla. N\'e4r du vill sluta rulla lyfter du fingret fr\'e5n pekpinnen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=188\cf0\par
Ange hastigheten f\'f6r \b virtuell rullning\b0  med hj\'e4lp av det h\'e4r skjutreglaget. Flytta skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger om du vill rulla snabbt och \'e5t v\'e4nster om du vill rulla l\'e5ngsamt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=189\cf0\par
St\'e4ll in hur h\'e5rt fingertryck som beh\'f6vs f\'f6r b\'e5de mark\'f6rr\'f6relser och Tryck-och-v\'e4lj p\'e5 pekpinnen med skjutreglaget f\'f6r \b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0 .\par
\par
Om du vill minska trycket flyttar du skjutreglaget mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
Om du vill \'f6ka trycket flyttar du skjutreglaget mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=190\cf0\par
Om du vill h\'e5lla pekaren inom det aktiva f\'f6nstret markerar du kryssrutan \b Stoppa pekaren vid f\'f6nsterkanten\b0 . Genom att pekaren stannar vid f\'f6nstrets gr\'e4nser blir det l\'e4tt att n\'e5 reglagen n\'e4ra f\'f6nstrets kanter.\par
\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat stannar pekaren vid kanten f\'f6rsta g\'e5ngen du f\'f6rs\'f6ker flytta den utanf\'f6r f\'f6nstret. Om du f\'f6rs\'f6ker igen flyttas pekaren utanf\'f6r f\'f6nstret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=191\cf0\par
Om du vill f\'f6rb\'e4ttra pekningsnoggrannheten v\'e4ljer du ett alternativ i rullgardinslistan \b Tangent f\'f6r slow motion.\b0  Med den h\'e4r funktionen kan du s\'e4nka pekarens hastighet.\par
\par
Anv\'e4nd slow motion genom att trycka p\'e5 och h\'e5lla ned den valda tangenten medan du r\'f6r pekaren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=192\cf0\par
Om du vill att pekaren automatiskt ska flyttas till standardinst\'e4llningen n\'e4r en dialogruta visas p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen v\'e4ljer du den h\'e4r funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=193\cf0\par
Om du vill tvinga fram helt v\'e5gr\'e4ta eller lodr\'e4ta pekarr\'f6relser p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen v\'e4ljer du ett alternativ i rullgardinslistan \b Tangent f\'f6r framtvingad pekare\b0 .\par
\par
Anv\'e4nd framtvingade pekarr\'f6relser genom att trycka p\'e5 och h\'e5lla ned den valda tangenten medan du r\'f6r pekaren. N\'e4r du trycker ned tangenten best\'e4mmer pekarens initialriktning i vilken riktning pekaren kommer att forts\'e4tta s\'e5 l\'e4nge du h\'e5ller fingret kvar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=194\cf0\par
Om du vill ha \'e5terkoppling p\'e5 dina pekhandlingar markerar du kryssrutan \b Animerad\b0 . Den animerade ikonen visas i aktivitetsf\'e4ltet i Windows. Dubbelklicka p\'e5 ikonen. F\'f6nstret \b Egenskaper f\'f6r mus visas\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=195\cf0\par
Om du vill ha mycket smidiga pekarr\'f6relser v\'e4ljer du alternativet f\'f6r \b H\'f6g\b0  pekaruppdateringsfrekvens.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=196\cf0\par
Om pekaren upptr\'e4der p\'e5 ett ostadigt eller fladdrigt s\'e4tt p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen kan du prova med att v\'e4lja \b L\'e5g\b0  pekaruppdateringsfrekvens.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=197\cf0\par
Det h\'e4r \'e4r versionsnumret f\'f6r drivrutinen till Synaptics TouchPad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=198\cf0\par
Den senaste informationen om Synaptics patent finns p\'e5 v\'e5r webbplats: http://www.synaptics.com.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=199\cf0\par
\b Dubbell\'e4ge\b0\par
Med funktionen Dubbell\'e4ge kan du v\'e4xla mellan mark\'f6rl\'e4ge och knappl\'e4ge. I knappl\'e4ge ger de virtuella knapparna p\'e5 TouchPad-ytan bekv\'e4ma genv\'e4gar till program som anv\'e4nds ofta. Det finns ocks\'e5 en volymkontroll f\'f6r snabb och enkel \'e5tkomst till h\'f6jning eller s\'e4nkning av ljudvolymen.\par
\par
Om du vill aktivera dubbell\'e4get v\'e4ljer du \b V\'e4xla till knappl\'e4ge genom att sl\'e5 l\'e4tt i kryssrutan i det \'f6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du knappl\'e4get:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180 Sl\'e5 l\'e4tt p\'e5 knappen \b Byta l\'e4ge\b0 . Den h\'e4r knappen sitter i det \'f6vre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan ovanf\'f6r volymkontrollen.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Sl\'e5 l\'e4tt p\'e5 den virtuella knappen f\'f6r det program du vill starta. TouchPad-plattan \'e5terg\'e5r automatiskt till mark\'f6rl\'e4ge n\'e4r programmet har \'f6ppnats.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Obs! Du kan anv\'e4nda knappl\'e4get n\'e4r ett externt pekdon, som en mus, \'e4r anslutet om du markerar kryssrutan \b Alltid i knappl\'e4ge n\'e4r en extern enhet ansluts\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=200\cf0\par
\b Alternativ f\'f6r knappl\'e4get\b0\par
Det finns sex virtuella knappar som kan konfigureras enligt dina \'f6nskem\'e5l. De tre \'f6vre virtuella knapparna har standardinst\'e4llningar och de \'f6vriga \'e4r okonfigurerade. Standardinst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r de konfigurerade virtuella knapparna visas nedan:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre v\'e4nstra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du det tilldelade e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre virtuella knappen i mitten \'f6ppnar du programmet ConfigFree. Ytterligare information finns i Toshibas onlinehj\'e4lp.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre h\'f6gra virtuella knappen skickar du posten i det aktiva f\'f6nstret till skrivaren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=201\cf0\par
\b Alternativ f\'f6r knappl\'e4get\b0\par
Det finns sex virtuella knappar som kan konfigureras enligt dina \'f6nskem\'e5l. Fyra av de virtuella knapparna har standardinst\'e4llningar och de \'f6vriga \'e4r okonfigurerade. Standardinst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r de konfigurerade virtuella knapparna visas nedan:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre v\'e4nstra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du det tilldelade e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre virtuella knappen i mitten \'f6ppnar du den tilldelade webbl\'e4saren.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre h\'f6gra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du programmet BeatJam. Ytterligare information finns i Toshibas onlinehj\'e4lp.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den nedre v\'e4nstra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du Toshibas onlinehj\'e4lp.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=202\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Knappkontroll\b0  f\'f6rhindrar att knapparna aktiveras vid oavsiktlig kontakt. Funktionen k\'e4nner automatiskt av n\'e4r din hand vilar mot eller stryks \'f6ver ytan n\'e4r du skriver. Detta bidrar till att f\'f6rhindra o\'f6nskade knapphandlingar.\par
\par
Om knappen ger upphov till o\'f6nskade handlingar h\'f6jer du v\'e4rdet f\'f6r Knappkontroll genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b Maximum\b0 . Om knappen inte ger upphov till \'f6nskade handlingar minskar du v\'e4rdet f\'f6r Knappkontroll genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster, mot \b Minimum\b0 . Du f\'e5r troligtvis st\'f6rst problem med knapphandlingarna om skjutreglaget \'e4r l\'e4ngst till h\'f6ger.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=203\cf0\par
Markera knappen i menytr\'e4det om du vill st\'e4lla in handlingen som ska utf\'f6ras n\'e4r du vidr\'f6r en knapp. Du kan t.ex. v\'e4lja att Knapp 1 ska \rdblquote g\'e5 till en webbsida i standardwebbl\'e4saren". Varje g\'e5ng som du r\'f6r Knapp 1 startas webbl\'e4saren automatiskt och laddar den angivna sidan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=204\cf0\par
\b K\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att anpassa hur enheten ska reagera p\'e5 en ber\'f6ring. Om du vill st\'e4lla in k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna v\'e4ljer du ett alternativ i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r \b k\'e4nslighet\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=205\cf0\par
Skjutreglaget \b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur h\'e5rt fingertryck som beh\'f6vs f\'f6r att enheten ska reagera.\par
\par
Om svaret fr\'e5n enheten \'e4r ober\'e4kneligt eller om du arbetar p\'e5 en plats med h\'f6g luftfuktighet, kan du minska k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
Om du m\'e5ste trycka h\'e5rt f\'f6r att styra enheten minskar du trycket genom att flytta skjutreglaget mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=206\cf0\par
Markera en handling i listan ovan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den valda knappen. Den valda handlingen intr\'e4ffar sedan varje g\'e5ng du r\'f6r knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=207\cf0\par
Kryssrutan \b Aktivera ljud\b0  aktiverar ljuduppspelningen n\'e4r knappen vidr\'f6rs.\par
Om kryssrutan \b Aktivera ljud\b0  inte \'e4r markerad \'e4r ljudfunktionen inaktiverad och inget ljud kommer att spelas upp n\'e4r knappen vidr\'f6rs.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=208\cf0\par
Kryssrutan \b Aktivera belysning\b0  t\'e4nder knapparna n\'e4r de \'e4r inaktiverade och aktiverade.\par
Om kryssrutan \b Aktivera belysning\b0  inte \'e4r markerad kommer knapparna att vara sl\'e4ckta och n\'e4r du r\'f6r vid dem p\'e5verkas inte ljusstyrkan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=209\cf0\par
Skjutreglaget \b Inaktivera ljusstyrka\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in knapparnas ljusstryka n\'e4r de inte vidr\'f6rs.\par
Om knapparnas ljusstryka \'e4r f\'f6r h\'f6g n\'e4r de inte vidr\'f6rs flyttar du reglaget mot \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Om knapparnas ljusstryka \'e4r f\'f6r l\'e5g n\'e4r de inte vidr\'f6rs flyttar du reglaget mot \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=210\cf0\par
Skjutreglaget \b Aktivera ljusstyrka\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in knapparnas ljusstryka n\'e4r de vidr\'f6rs.\par
Om knapparnas ljusstryka \'e4r f\'f6r h\'f6g n\'e4r de vidr\'f6rs flyttar du reglaget mot \b Minimum\b0 .\par
Om knapparnas ljusstryka \'e4r f\'f6r l\'e5g n\'e4r de vidr\'f6rs flyttar du reglaget mot \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=211\cf0\par
\b Alternativ f\'f6r knappl\'e4get\b0\par
Det finns sex virtuella knappar som kan konfigureras enligt dina \'f6nskem\'e5l. De tre \'f6vre virtuella knapparna har standardinst\'e4llningar och de \'f6vriga \'e4r okonfigurerade. Standardinst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r de konfigurerade virtuella knapparna visas nedan:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre v\'e4nstra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du det tilldelade e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre virtuella knappen i mitten \'f6ppnar du programmet ConfigFree. Ytterligare information finns i Toshibas onlinehj\'e4lp.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre h\'f6gra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du programmet Windows Photo Gallery.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=212\cf0\par
Markera skjutreglaget i menytr\'e4det om du vill st\'e4lla in vilken handling som ska utf\'f6ras n\'e4r du drar fingret \'f6ver ett skjutreglage. Exempel: Du kan ange att skjutreglaget 1 ska anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r att justera volymen i datorn. Varje g\'e5ng du drar fingret \'f6ver skjutreglaget 1 kommer volymen att h\'f6jas eller s\'e4nkas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=213\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en av ovanst\'e5ende handlingar och tilldela den till det valda skjutreglaget. Den valda handlingen kommer sedan att intr\'e4ffa varje g\'e5ng du drar fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t p\'e5 skjutreglaget.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=214\cf0\par
\b Justera pekarhastighet\b0\par
Med det h\'e4r reglaget kontrollerar du pekarhastigheten. Du v\'e4ljer pekarhastighet genom att f\'f6ra reglaget mot \b L\'e5ngsam\b0  och \b Snabb\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=215\cf0\par
\b Alternativ f\'f6r knappl\'e4get\b0\par
Det finns sex virtuella knappar som kan konfigureras enligt dina \'f6nskem\'e5l. De tre \'f6vre virtuella knapparna har standardinst\'e4llningar och de \'f6vriga \'e4r okonfigurerade. Standardinst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r de konfigurerade virtuella knapparna visas nedan:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
\pard{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-180\li180\tx180 Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre v\'e4nstra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du det tilldelade e-postprogrammet.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre virtuella knappen i mitten \'f6ppnar du programmet ConfigFree. Ytterligare information finns i Toshibas onlinehj\'e4lp.\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Med ett l\'e4tt slag p\'e5 den \'f6vre h\'f6gra virtuella knappen \'f6ppnar du programmet My Pictures folder.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=216\cf0\par
Kontrollf\'e4lt\par
\par
Med kontrollf\'e4ltet konfigurerar du knapparna f\'f6r att starta dina favoritprogram. Du anpassar kontrollf\'e4ltet genom att \'e4ndra belysningen, tiden f\'f6r hur l\'e4nge det ska lysa och pekk\'e4nsligheten. Via kontrollf\'e4ltet f\'e5r du \'e4ven tillg\'e5ng till volymkontrollen.\par
\par
V\'e4lj \b Aktivera\b0  om du vill b\'f6rja anv\'e4nda kontrollf\'e4ltet. Om du inte vill anv\'e4nda kontrollf\'e4ltet v\'e4ljer du \b Inaktivera\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=217\cf0\par
Belysning\par
\par
Du anv\'e4nder reglaget \b Belysning\b0  f\'f6r att justera ljusstyrkan f\'f6r lysdioderna i kontrollf\'e4ltet.\par
\par
Flytta reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger mot \b Ljus\b0  om du vill \'f6ka ljusstyrkan.\par
\par
Flytta reglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster mot \b Nedtonad\b0  om du vill minska ljusstyrkan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=218\cf0\par
Nedtoningshastighet\par
\par
Du anv\'e4nder reglaget \b Nedtoningshastighet\b0  f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur snabbt lysdioderna ska tonas ned sedan du r\'f6rt kontrollf\'e4ltet och tagit bort fingret.\par
\par
Flytta reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger mot \b L\'e5ngsam\b0  om du vill att nedtoningen ska ske l\'e5ngsamt.\par
\par
Flytta reglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster mot \b Snabb\b0  om du vill att nedtoningen ska ske snabbt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=219\cf0\par
Pekk\'e4nslighet\par
\par
Reglaget \b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur h\'e5rt fingertryck som beh\'f6vs f\'f6r att kontrollf\'e4ltet ska reagera.\par
\par
Om inget h\'e4nder n\'e4r du vidr\'f6r kontrollf\'e4ltet eller om du m\'e5ste trycka h\'e5rt f\'f6r att n\'e5got ska ske, kan du \'f6ka k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra reglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster mot \b L\'e4tt\b0 .\par
\par
Om du av misstag kommer \'e5t kontrollf\'e4ltet och n\'e5got h\'e4nder, minskar du k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger mot \b H\'e5rd\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=220\cf0\par
Ljudeffekter\par
\par
Om du vill att en speciell \'e5tg\'e4rd ska \'e5tf\'f6ljas av en speciell ljudeffekt anger du en ljudfil eller bl\'e4ddrar till en ljudfil och markerar den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=221\cf0\par
Volym\par
\par
Med volymreglaget \'e4r det enkelt att kontrollera volymen p\'e5 ljudeffekterna.\par
\par
Flytta reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger mot \b H\'f6g\b0  om du vill \'f6ka volymen.\par
\par
Flytta reglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster mot \b Tyst\b0  om du vill minska volymen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=222\cf0\par
Program\par
\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda en knapp f\'f6r att starta ett program, anger du namnet p\'e5 den k\'f6rbara filen eller bl\'e4ddrar till programfilen och markerar den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=223\cf0\par
Funktionen f\'f6r \b TouchPad-plattans inaktiveringsomr\'e5de\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att aktivera eller inaktiva TouchPad genom att r\'f6ra och h\'e5lla kvar fingret i h\'f6rnet en liten stund.\par
Om TouchPad-plattan \'e4r aktiverad inaktiveras den om du h\'e5ller fingret i h\'f6rnet. Om TouchPad-plattan \'e4r inaktiverad aktiveras den om du h\'e5ller fingret i h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=224\cf0\par
Med reglaget \b Ber\'f6ringstid \b0\'e4ndrar du tiden f\'f6r hur l\'e4nge du m\'e5ste ha kvar fingret i h\'f6rnet innan TouchPad-plattan aktiveras eller inaktiveras.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=225\cf0\par
Virtuell rullning erbjuder en ny rullningsmetod. Med virtuell rullning styr du automatiskt rullningen s\'e5 att du slipper flytta pekaren bort fr\'e5n det du arbetar med.\par
\par
Den virtuella rullningen fungerar i de flesta rullningsbara f\'f6nster, t.ex. i ordbehandlare, kalkylark och i stora digitala bilder. Den kan ocks\'e5 anv\'e4ndas tillsammans med andra rullningsbara objekt som fil- och teckensnittslistor.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-rullning \'e4r ett annorlunda s\'e4tt att utnyttja virtuell rullning. Med hj\'e4lp av den h\'e4r tekniken f\'e5r du en kontinuerlig rullning genom att r\'f6ra fingret i en cirkel. Rullningshastigheten styrs av hur snabbt du r\'f6r fingret. G\'f6r sm\'e5 snabba cirkelr\'f6relser om du vill rulla snabbt. Om du vill rulla mer l\'e5ngsamt g\'f6r du st\'f6rre cirklar och r\'f6r fingret l\'e5ngsammare. Du \'e4ndrar rullningsriktningen genom att f\'f6ra fingret \'e5t motsatt h\'e5ll.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r utf\'f6r du lodr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka i f\'f6nstret eller p\'e5 objektet som du vill rulla.\par
3.\tab F\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t efter h\'f6gerkanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralMotion f\'f6r lodr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutorna \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0  och\b  Aktivera ChiralMotion-rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka i f\'f6nstret eller p\'e5 objektet som du vill rulla.\par
3.\tab Placera fingret mitt p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans h\'f6gerkant.\par
4.\tab F\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning och g\'f6r d\'e4refter en cirkelr\'f6relse. Fingret kan flyttas in mot mitten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan medan du r\'f6r fingret med- eller moturs.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r utf\'f6r du v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka i f\'f6nstret eller p\'e5 objektet som du vill rulla.\par
3.\tab F\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger efter nederkanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan i \'f6nskat rullningsriktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralMotion f\'f6r v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutorna \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0  och \b Aktivera ChiralMotion-rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka i f\'f6nstret eller p\'e5 objektet som du vill rulla.\par
3.\tab Placera fingret mitt p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans nederkant.\par
4.\tab F\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning och g\'f6r d\'e4refter en cirkelr\'f6relse. Fingret kan flyttas in mot mitten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan medan du r\'f6r fingret med- eller moturs.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Om den virtuella rullningen inte fungerar ska du kontrollera att r\'e4tt kryssruta f\'f6r rullningsaktivering har markerats, och att f\'f6nstret eller objektet du klickat p\'e5 kan rullas. Kontrollera inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b Rullningsregion\b0  om du har n\'e5got problem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=226\cf0\par
Med momentfunktionen f\'e5r du en mjuk, styrkuleliknande musr\'f6relse. En snabb ber\'f6ring av TouchPad-plattan f\'e5r mark\'f6ren att f\'f6rflytta sig \'f6ver hela datorsk\'e4rmen. Momentfunktionen anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att undvika repetitiva r\'f6relser och tr\'f6tthetssymptom som kan upptr\'e4da n\'e4r mark\'f6ren m\'e5ste flyttas \'f6ver stora omr\'e5den. Den ger dig en mjuk och naturlig k\'e4nsla precis som om du arbetade med en styrkula. Momentfunktionen l\'e4mpar sig bra f\'f6r olika speltill\'e4mpningar.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Moment\b0  om du vill anv\'e4nda funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=227\cf0\par
Reglaget \b Glidavst\'e5nd\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur l\'e5ngt mark\'f6ren ska f\'e4rdas n\'e4r du vidr\'f6r TouchPad-plattan med fingret. Du stoppar r\'f6relsen genom att placera fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. R\'f6relsen stoppas \'e4ven n\'e4r du sl\'e5r l\'e4tt p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Begr\'e4nsa till sk\'e4rmkant\b0  om du vill att mark\'f6ren ska h\'e5lla sig inom sk\'e4rmens kanter. Den h\'e4r funktionen underl\'e4ttar n\'e4r du vill \'f6ppna menyalternativ och kontroller som finns l\'e4ngs sk\'e4rmkanterna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=228\cf0\par
Tv\'e5fingerszoom kan du anv\'e4nda i m\'e5nga program f\'f6r att zooma in och zooma ut. Du anv\'e4nder den f\'f6r att f\'e5 samma resultat som med Ctrl+rullningshjulet i ett vanligt Windows-program.\par
\par
N\'e4r du vill zooma placerar du tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta. F\'f6r sedan fingrarna mot eller fr\'e5n varandra. Du zoomar in genom att placera fingrarna intill varandra och sedan f\'f6ra dem \'e5t varsitt h\'e5ll. Du zoomar ut genom att placera fingrarna \'e5tskilda p\'e5 Touchpad-plattan och sedan f\'f6ra dem n\'e4rmare varandra.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=229\cf0\par
Om du anv\'e4nder ChiralMotion-rullning med tv\'e5 fingrar f\'e5r du ett helt nytt rullningsalternativ. Du kan rulla upp\'e5t och ned\'e5t genom att helt enkelt placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och sedan g\'f6ra en cirkelr\'f6relse. Du beh\'f6ver inte h\'e5lla kvar b\'e5da fingrarna n\'e4r rullningen har b\'f6rjat. Rullningen forts\'e4tter s\'e5 l\'e4nge som du beh\'e5ller ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och g\'f6r en cirkelr\'f6relse.\par
\par
Hur snabbt du r\'f6r fingret p\'e5verkar rullningshastigheten. Om du vill rulla snabbare g\'f6r du mindre cirklar och r\'f6r fingret fortare. Om du vill rulla mer l\'e5ngsamt g\'f6r du st\'f6rre cirklar och r\'f6r fingret l\'e5ngsammare. Du \'e4ndrar rullningsriktningen genom att f\'f6ra fingret \'e5t motsatt h\'e5ll.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=230\cf0\par
En \b avancerad \'e5tg\'e4rd \b0\'e4r en \'e5tg\'e4rd som anv\'e4ndaren g\'f6r p\'e5 en Synaptics TouchPad-sensor som leder till att en specialfunktion utf\'f6rs p\'e5 v\'e4rdenheten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=231\cf0\par
En \b Flick\b0  inneb\'e4r att tv\'e5 fingrar placeras p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Fingrarna ska vara n\'e5got is\'e4r och de ska sedan f\'f6ras \'f6ver plattan i en rak, kontinuerlig r\'f6relse. D\'e4refter lyfts b\'e5da fingrarna upp samtidigt. Det som h\'e4nder vid en flick-\'e5tg\'e4rd \'e4r programspecifikt. Om du anv\'e4nder Internet Explorer \'e4r det samma sak som att v\'e4lja "Bak\'e5t".\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=232\cf0\par
Med en \b ChiralRotate\b0 -\'e5tg\'e4rd roteras objektet i 90-graders steg, antingen medurs eller moturs. ChiralRotate fungerar endast i vissa program.\par
\par
Du initierar \'e5tg\'e4rden genom att placera ett finger p\'e5 det lodr\'e4ta omr\'e5det till v\'e4nster p\'e5 pekplattan och sedan r\'f6ra det i en cirkul\'e4r r\'f6relse. I program som har st\'f6d f\'f6r funktionen kommer det markerade objektet att rotera i 90-graders steg.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=233\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingerszoom\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=234\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera ChiralRotate\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=235\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera flick\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=236\cf0\par
Om du vill se en demo om hur du anv\'e4nder tv\'e5fingerszoom ska du klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0  under kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingergest\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=237\cf0\par
Om du vill se en demo om hur du anv\'e4nder ChiralRotate-\'e5tg\'e4rden ska du klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0  under kryssrutan \b Aktivera ChiralRotate\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=238\cf0\par
Om du vill se en demo om hur du anv\'e4nder flick-\'e5tg\'e4rden ska du klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0  under kryssrutan \b Aktivera flick\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=239\cf0\par
Om du vill se en demo p\'e5 hur momentfunktionen fungerar klickar du p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0  under kryssrutan\b  Aktivera Moment\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=240\cf0\par
Virtuell rullning erbjuder en ny rullningsmetod. Med virtuell rullning styr du automatiskt rullningen s\'e5 att du slipper flytta pekaren bort fr\'e5n det du arbetar med.\par
\par
Den virtuella rullningen fungerar i de flesta rullningsbara f\'f6nster, t.ex. i ordbehandlare, kalkylark och i stora digitala bilder. Den kan ocks\'e5 anv\'e4ndas tillsammans med andra rullningsbara komponenter s\'e5som fil- och teckensnittslistor.\par
\par
Linj\'e4r rullning, en virtuell rullningsmetod, anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r konventionell rullning.\par
\par
ChiralMotion-rullning \'e4r ett annorlunda s\'e4tt att utnyttja virtuell rullning. Med hj\'e4lp av den h\'e4r tekniken f\'e5r du en kontinuerlig rullning genom att r\'f6ra fingret i en cirkel. Rullningshastigheten styrs av hur snabbt du r\'f6r fingret. G\'f6r sm\'e5 snabba cirkelr\'f6relser om du vill rulla snabbt. Om du vill rulla mer l\'e5ngsamt g\'f6r du st\'f6rre cirklar och r\'f6r fingret l\'e5ngsammare. Du \'e4ndrar rullningsriktningen genom att f\'f6ra fingret \'e5t motsatt h\'e5ll.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r utf\'f6r du linj\'e4r lodr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka p\'e5 ikonen \b Virtuell rullning\b0  eller dubbelklicka p\'e5 \b Virtuell rullning\b0 .\par
3.\tab Markera \b L\'e5ngdistansrullning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 alternativknappen \b Linj\'e4r rullning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicka p\'e5 f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du vill rulla.\par
6.\tab F\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t efter h\'f6gerkanten p\'e5 pekplattan i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralMotion f\'f6r lodr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka p\'e5 ikonen \b Virtuell rullning\b0  eller dubbelklicka p\'e5 \b Virtuell rullning\b0 .\par
3.\tab Markera \b L\'e5ngdistansrullning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 alternativknappen \b ChiralMotion-rullning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicka p\'e5 f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du vill rulla.\par
6.\tab Placera fingret mitt p\'e5 pekplattans h\'f6gerkant.\par
7.\tab F\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning och g\'f6r d\'e4refter en cirkelr\'f6relse. Fingret kan flyttas in mot mitten p\'e5 pekplattan medan du r\'f6r fingret med- eller moturs.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r utf\'f6r du linj\'e4r v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka p\'e5 ikonen \b Virtuell rullning\b0  eller dubbelklicka p\'e5 \b Virtuell rullning\b0 .\par
3.\tab Markera \b L\'e5ngdistansrullning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 alternativknappen \b Linj\'e4r rullning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicka p\'e5 f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du vill rulla.\par
6.\tab F\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger efter nederkanten p\'e5 pekplattan i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralMotion f\'f6r v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0 .\par
2.\tab Klicka p\'e5 ikonen \b Virtuell rullning\b0  eller dubbelklicka p\'e5 \b Virtuell rullning\b0 .\par
3.\tab Markera \b L\'e5ngdistansrullning\b0 .\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 alternativknappen \b ChiralMotion-rullning\b0 .\par
5.\tab Klicka p\'e5 f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du vill rulla.\par
6.\tab Placera fingret mitt p\'e5 pekplattans nederkant.\par
7.\tab F\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger i \'f6nskad rullningsriktning och g\'f6r d\'e4refter en cirkelr\'f6relse. Fingret kan flyttas in mot mitten p\'e5 pekplattan medan du r\'f6r fingret med- eller moturs.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Om den virtuella rullningen inte fungerar ska du kontrollera att r\'e4tt kryssruta f\'f6r \b rullningsaktivering\b0  har markerats, och att det f\'f6nster eller den komponent du klickat p\'e5 kan rullas. Kontrollera inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b Rullningsregion\b0  om du har n\'e5got problem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=241\cf0\par
Om du vill se en demo p\'e5 hur du anv\'e4nder virtuell rullning ska du klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=242\cf0\par
Om du vill se en demo p\'e5 hur flick-\'e5tg\'e4rden fungerar klickar du p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=243\cf0\par
Om du vill utf\'f6ra en lodr\'e4t flick-\'e5tg\'e4rd markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t flick\b0 . Placera tv\'e5 fingrar, n\'e5got is\'e4r, p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och f\'f6r dem upp\'e5t och ned\'e5t. Lyft b\'e5da fingrarna n\'e4r du \'e4r klar f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra den programspecifika funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=244\cf0\par
Om du vill utf\'f6ra en v\'e5gr\'e4t flick-\'e5tg\'e4rd markerar du kryssrutan \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t flick\b0 . Placera tv\'e5 fingrar, n\'e5got is\'e4r, p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och f\'f6r dem \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger. Lyft b\'e5da fingrarna n\'e4r du \'e4r klar f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra den programspecifika funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=245\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video\b0  om du vill se \'e5tg\'e4rden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=246\cf0\par
I detta \b egenskapsf\'f6nster\b0  g\'f6r du inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r ditt pekdon. Du anv\'e4nder menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster f\'f6r att komma \'e5t de anpassningsbara funktionerna. Du st\'e4ller bland annat in alternativ f\'f6r enfingersanv\'e4ndning och rullning samt f\'f6r flerfingers\'e5tg\'e4rder f\'f6r att hantera dokument, objekt och program.\par
\par
\b Anv\'e4nda egenskapsf\'f6nstret \b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 en funktion i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att \'f6ppna en sida d\'e4r funktionen beskrivs. Du ser dessutom vilka inst\'e4llningar du kan g\'f6ra. F\'f6r vissa funktioner kr\'e4vs m\'e5nga sidor f\'f6r att visa alla inst\'e4llningar. Klicka p\'e5 + (plustecknet) intill en funktion om du vill se alla ber\'f6rda sidor. Inst\'e4llningarna visas i f\'f6nstret till h\'f6ger om menytr\'e4det. Information om dessa alternativ och anvisningar om hur du \'e4ndrar dem visas h\'e4r i denna infomationsruta. Anv\'e4nd rullningslisten om du inte ser allt inneh\'e5ll i informationsrutan.\par
\par
\b Knappen Standard \b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Standard\b0  f\'f6r att \'e5terst\'e4lla alla inst\'e4llningar p\'e5 den aktuella sidan till fabriksinst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK \b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b OK\b0  f\'f6r att spara \'e4ndringarna och st\'e4nga sidan.\par
\par
\b Knappen Avbryt \b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Avbryt\b0  f\'f6r att st\'e4nga egenskapsf\'f6nstret utan att spara \'e4ndringarna och \'e5terst\'e4lla inst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\b Knappen Verkst\'e4ll \b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Verkst\'e4ll\b0  f\'f6r att spara \'e4ndringarna utan att st\'e4nga egenskapsf\'f6nstret s\'e5 att du kan g\'f6ra fler \'e4ndringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=250\cf0\par
Sidorna f\'f6r \b pekinst\'e4llningar\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att ange vad som ska h\'e4nda med mark\'f6ren n\'e4r du utf\'f6r pek- och markerings\'e5tg\'e4rder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=251\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera moment\b0  f\'f6r att aktivera funktionen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=252\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att f\'e5 enbart v\'e5gr\'e4ta eller lodr\'e4ta pekarr\'f6relser p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen. Den h\'e4r funktionen l\'e4mpar sig b\'e4st f\'f6r ritprogram. Du aktiverar Begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse genom att trycka och h\'e5lla ned en speciell tangent samtidigt som du r\'f6r pekaren. N\'e4r du tryckt ned tangenten best\'e4mmer den initiala r\'f6relsen den till\'e5tna r\'f6relseriktningen s\'e5 l\'e4nge som du har fingret kvar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du Begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera kryssrutan Aktivera begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse f\'f6r att aktivera alternativet.\par
2.\tab V\'e4lj i listrutan vilken tangent som ska anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r att aktivera Begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse.\par
3.\tab Tryck och h\'e5ll ned den valda tangenten n\'e4r du vill begr\'e4nsa pekarens r\'f6relseriktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=254\cf0\par
\b Rullning \b0\par
Rullningsfunktionen anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att automatiskt styra rullningslisten i det aktuella f\'f6nstret. Du beh\'f6ver inte flytta bort pekaren fr\'e5n det du arbetar med. Rullningsfunktionen fungerar i de flesta rullningsbara f\'f6nster i exempelvis dokument, kalkylark, stora digitala bilder, men \'e4ven i andra rullningsbara objekt s\'e5som fillistor och teckensnittslistor.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=255\cf0\par
\b Omv\'e4nd rullning \b0\par
Funktionen \b Omv\'e4nd rullningsriktning\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att \'e4ndra rullningsbeteendet. I vanliga fall flyttas rullningslisten i den riktning som du r\'f6r fingret. Om du v\'e4ljer Omv\'e4nd rullningsriktning flyttas dokumentet eller objektet i motsatt riktning mot fingerr\'f6relsen.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera omv\'e4nd rullningsriktning.\b0\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=256\cf0\par
Reglaget \b Rullningshastighet\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att \'e4ndra hastighet f\'f6r rullnings\'e5tg\'e4rden. Dra reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger om du vill att rullningen ska ske snabbare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=257\cf0\par
\b ChiralScrolling \b0\par
Funktionen ChiralScrolling\'99 g\'f6r att du kan rulla kontinuerligt n\'e4r du utf\'f6r en j\'e4mn, cirkelrund r\'f6relse. Rullningshastigheten best\'e4ms av hur snabbt du r\'f6r fingret.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera ChiralScrolling.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i \i m\'e5lzonen.\i0  Om du vill rulla upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t finns m\'e5lzonen till h\'f6ger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Om du vill rulla \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger finns m\'e5lzonen vid nederkanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab Flytta fingret i den riktning som du vill rulla och b\'f6rja sedan g\'f6ra en cirkelr\'f6relse med- eller moturs. N\'e4r du aktiverat ChiralScrolling kan du f\'f6ra fingret \'f6ver hela TouchPad-plattan medan du g\'f6r cirkelr\'f6relsen.\par
\par
\tab Obs! Om du vill \'e4ndra rullningsriktning r\'f6r du bra fingret i den nya riktningen. Rullningen sker nu i den nya riktningen.\par
\par
3.\tab Du stoppar rullningen och \'e5terg\'e5r till pekl\'e4get genom att lyfta upp fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=258\cf0\par
\b Enfingersrullning \b0\par
Du kan rulla lodr\'e4tt och v\'e5gr\'e4tt.\par
\par
Klicka i f\'f6nstret eller p\'e5 en komponent som du vill rulla och f\'f6r sedan fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t l\'e4ngs h\'f6gerkanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan om du vill rulla lodr\'e4tt. F\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger l\'e4ngs nederkanten av TouchPad-plattan om du vill rulla v\'e5gr\'e4tt.\par
\par
Om rullningen inte fungerar ska du kontrollera att r\'e4tt kryssrutor \'e4r markerade och att f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du markerat g\'e5r att rulla. Kontrollera inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b Rullningsregion\b0  om du har n\'e5got problem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=259\cf0\par
Bilden h\'e4r ovan representerar ytan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Det skuggade omr\'e5det visar rullningsomr\'e5dena p\'e5 TouchPad-plattans yta.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanterna p\'e5 bilden f\'f6r att visa var fingret \'e4r placerat. Om fingret \'e4r i ett aktivt rullningsomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan kommer motsvarande omr\'e5de i bilden att f\'e5 en enhetlig f\'e4rg. Du kan g\'f6ra rullningsomr\'e5det st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att flytta de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna vid det skuggade omr\'e5dets ytterkanter.\par
\par
Om det \'e4r sv\'e5rt att aktivera rullningen kan du f\'f6rs\'f6ka med att g\'f6ra rullningsomr\'e5det st\'f6rre genom att flytta kanterna f\'f6r det skuggade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om rullningen aktiveras f\'f6r enkelt kan du g\'f6ra rullningsomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Om rullningsomr\'e5dena \'e4r gr\'e5a och inte kan \'e4ndras ska du kontrollera om rullningsfunktionen \'e4r aktiverad.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r aktiverar du rullningsfunktionen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e4lj \b Rullning\b0  p\'e5 menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera l\'e4mplig rullningsmetod och v\'e4lj lodr\'e4t eller v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=260\cf0\par
\b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning \b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning i f\'f6nster med v\'e5gr\'e4ta rullningslister. R\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger l\'e4ngs nederkanten av TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att rulla f\'f6nstret eller komponenten v\'e5gr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=261\cf0\par
\b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning \b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning. R\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t l\'e4ngs h\'f6gerkanten av TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att rulla f\'f6nstret eller komponenten lodr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=262\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5fingersrullning \b0\par
Funktionen f\'f6r tv\'e5fingersrullning anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att rulla lodr\'e4tt eller v\'e5gr\'e4tt, och f\'f6r att kunna utf\'f6ra rullningen fr\'e5n hela TouchPad-plattan. Du beh\'f6ver bara placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och sedan f\'f6ra dem i den \'f6nskade riktningen. Du beh\'f6ver inte placera fingrarna i rullningsomr\'e5det f\'f6r att kunna utf\'f6ra rullningen.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du tv\'e5fingersrullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Fingrarna ska vara n\'e5got is\'e4r.\par
2.\tab G\'f6r en rak kontinuerlig r\'f6relse och f\'f6r fingrarna i den \'f6nskade riktningen.\par
3.\tab Lyfta upp b\'e5da fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att avbryta rullningen.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=263\cf0\par
\b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning \b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning i f\'f6nster med v\'e5gr\'e4ta rullningslister. F\'f6r fingrarna \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att rulla f\'f6nstret eller komponenten v\'e5gr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=264\cf0\par
\b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning \b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning. F\'f6r fingrarna upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att rulla f\'f6nstret eller komponenten lodr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=265\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Drivning\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att underl\'e4tta rullning i stora dokument. N\'e4r du anv\'e4nder drivning forts\'e4tter rullningen sedan du lyft upp fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan. Du anv\'e4nder drivning genom att flytta och sedan lyfta upp fingret i en j\'e4mn r\'f6relse. N\'e4r du s\'e4tter tillbaka fingret p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan avbryts drivningen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=266\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5fingerszoom \b0\par
Tv\'e5fingerszoomning kan du anv\'e4nda i m\'e5nga program. Du anv\'e4nder tv\'e5fingerszoomning f\'f6r att f\'e5 samma funktionalitet som rullningshjulet har i Windows-program d\'e4r Ctrl+rullningshjul st\'f6ds.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingerszoom.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du tv\'e5fingerszoom:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r fingrarna fr\'e5n varandra f\'f6r att zooma in och n\'e4rmare varandra f\'f6r att zooma ut. Det fungerar b\'e4st om du anv\'e4nder fingertopparna.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=267\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Rotera \b0\'e4r en anv\'e4ndbar \'e5tg\'e4rd n\'e4r du vill rotera foton och andra objekt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=269\cf0\par
\b Trefingerstryckning\b0\par
\'c5tg\'e4rden med trefingerstryckning anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att starta ett speciellt program eller flera program.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera trefingerstryckning.\b0  Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera\b0  f\'f6r att v\'e4lja program som ska starta.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du trefingerstryckning-funktionen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Placera fingrarna s\'e5 att de \'e4r n\'e5got is\'e4r.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r inte fingrarna f\'f6rr\'e4n programmet eller programmen startats.\par
3.\tab Ta bort fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=270\cf0\par
\b Tre-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
Tre-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda tre-fingersflicken n\'e4r du s\'f6ker p\'e5 internet eller bl\'e4ddrar mellan olika foton i ett fotovisningsprogram. Du kan \'e4ven anv\'e4nda tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r att \'f6ppna eller st\'e4nga bildspelsl\'e4gen.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tre-fingersflick.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar n\'e5got is\'e4r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab Att utf\'f6ra en "flick" inneb\'e4r att fingrarna r\'f6rs i en rak, kontinuerlig r\'f6relse i \'f6nskad riktning, fr\'e5n den ena sidan av TouchPad-plattan till den andra.\par
3.\tab Om du r\'f6r fingrarna v\'e5gr\'e4tt, \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster, kommer sidorna att bl\'e4ddras fram\'e5t eller bak\'e5t i visningsprogrammet eller i webbl\'e4saren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Om du anv\'e4nder tre-fingersflicken i ett bildspelsl\'e4ge r\'f6r du fingrarna lodr\'e4tt. F\'f6r fingrarna upp\'e5t f\'f6r att starta bildspelsl\'e4get och ned\'e5t f\'f6r att avsluta det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=271\cf0\par
\b Handflatan p\'e5 pekplattan \b0\par
Om du l\'e4gger handflatan p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan kan du ta fram skrivbordet genom att minimera alla \'f6ppna f\'f6nster. N\'e4r du upprepar \'e5tg\'e4rden \'e5terst\'e4lls f\'f6nstren.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera handflatan-p\'e5-plattan.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du \'e5tg\'e4rden handflatan-p\'e5-plattan:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tummens \i h\'e4l \i0 p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r inte handen f\'f6rr\'e4n f\'f6nstren har minimerats eller \'e5terst\'e4llts.\par
3.\tab Ta bort handen fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=272\cf0\par
\b Rull\'f6vning \b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b\'d6va\b0  f\'f6r att k\'f6ra rullningslektionen. En enkel labyrint hj\'e4lper dig utf\'f6ra \'f6vningen.\par
\par
Studera labyrinten innan du b\'f6rjar s\'e5 att du ser var du ska b\'f6rja och sluta. Du ser inte hela labyrinten eftersom den \'e4r st\'f6rre \'e4n f\'f6nstret som den visas i. Rulla s\'e5 att du kan se hela labyrinten. H\'e5ll ned Ctrl-tangenten och rulla f\'f6r att se hela labyrinten.\par
\par
En gul punkt i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet i labyrinten markerar var du ska b\'f6rja. En bl\'e5 punkt till h\'f6ger markerar slutpunkten.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r utf\'f6r du rull\'f6vningen:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicka p\'e5 den r\'f6da fyrkanten i den gula punkten n\'e4r du vill b\'f6rja.\par
2.\tab Anv\'e4nd piltangenterna eller "sl\'e5" p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att navigera igenom labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Anv\'e4nd l\'e4mplig metod f\'f6r att \'e4ndra visning av labyrinten.\par
4.\tab Klicka p\'e5 knappen St\'e4ng i rull\'f6vningsf\'f6nstret n\'e4r du kommit fram till den bl\'e5 punkten i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=273\cf0\par
\b M-\'e5tg\'e4rd f\'f6r HP MediaSmart \b0\par
Du kan starta HP:s MediaSmart-program genom att utf\'f6ra en M-formad \'e5tg\'e4rd p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera M-\'e5tg\'e4rd f\'f6r HP MediaSmart.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du \'e5tg\'e4rden:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab "Sl\'e5" med tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och s\'e4tt omedelbart tillbaka dem.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r sedan fingrarna och skriv ett stor \i M\i0 .\par
3.\tab Programmet HP MediaSmart kommer nu att starta.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=274\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Pekf\'f6rst\'e4rkningar\b0  kan du ange vad som ska h\'e4nda med mark\'f6ren n\'e4r du g\'f6r en pek\'e5tg\'e4rd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=275\cf0\par
Program\'e5tg\'e4rder anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att f\'e5 genv\'e4gar till program eller funktioner som du anv\'e4nder ofta. Vad som h\'e4nder n\'e4r du g\'f6r en av dessa \'e5tg\'e4rder beror p\'e5 vilket program du anv\'e4nder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=276\cf0\par
Funktionen \b EdgeMotion\b0\'99 \'e4r avsedd att anv\'e4ndas n\'e4r du beh\'f6ver r\'f6ra pekaren \'f6ver stora avst\'e5nd. N\'e4r fingret kommer till kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan, kommer pekaren att forts\'e4tta r\'f6ra sig i samma riktning tills du tar bort fingret. V\'e4lj ett av alternativen f\'f6r EdgeMotion.\par
\par
Rullningsfunktionen kan \'e4ven anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r EdgeMotion. Om du vill anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion medan du rullar v\'e4ljer du \b Aktivera EdgeMotion vid rullning\b0  under \b Enfingersrullning\b0  eller \b Tv\'e5fingersrullning\b0  under \b Rullning\b0  i menytr\'e4det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=277\cf0\par
Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera EdgeMotion vid rullning\b0  om du vill att rullningen ska forts\'e4tta n\'e4r ett finger kommer till TouchPad-plattans kant.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=278\cf0\par
Med \b k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna\b0  kan du anpassa hur TouchPad-plattan ska svara mot ber\'f6ringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=279\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Drivning\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att underl\'e4tta rullning i stora dokument. N\'e4r du anv\'e4nder drivning forts\'e4tter rullningen sedan du lyft upp fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan. Du anv\'e4nder drivning genom att flytta och sedan lyfta fingrarna i en j\'e4mn r\'f6relse. N\'e4r du s\'e4tter tillbaka fingrarna p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan avbryts drivningen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=280\cf0\par
\b Pivotera \b0\par
Med pivotera\'e5tg\'e4rden kan du rotera objekt, till exempel foton, PDF-filer eller markerade objekt, i 90-graders steg.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera pivotering.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du pivotera\'e5tg\'e4rden:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i det nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och h\'e5ll det stilla.\par
2.\tab Placera det andra fingret n\'e4stan mitt p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
3.\tab F\'f6r det andra fingret i en cirkelr\'f6relse runt det f\'f6rsta fingret. Se till att avst\'e5ndet mellan de b\'e5da fingrarna \'e4r detsamma medan du g\'f6r cirkelr\'f6relsen. F\'f6r fingret med- eller moturs f\'f6r att rotera det markerade objektet i \'f6nskad riktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=281\cf0\par
\b Pivotera i det h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet \b0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda pivoterafuktionen i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan ska du markera kryssrutan \b Pivotera i det h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet.\b0  F\'f6r v\'e4nsterh\'e4nta kan det vara bekv\'e4mare att anv\'e4nda det h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet f\'f6r pivoterings\'e5tg\'e4rden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=282\cf0\par
\b ChiralRotate \b0\par
ChiralRotate\'99-\'e5tg\'e4rden anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att rotera markerade objekt i 90 graders steg.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan Aktivera ChiralRotate. Observera att ChiralRotate-\'e5tg\'e4rden endast fungerar i program som har st\'f6d f\'f6r funktionen.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralRotate:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i den v\'e4nstra "m\'e5lzonen" p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r fingret ned\'e5t eller upp\'e5t och g\'f6r en cirkelr\'f6relse. Om du vill rotera objektet medurs r\'f6r du fingret i cirkelr\'f6relser medurs och om du vill rotera det moturs r\'f6r du fingret i cirkelr\'f6relser moturs.\par
3.\tab Ta bort fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan om du vill \'e5terg\'e5 till normall\'e4ge.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=283\cf0\par
\b St\'e4ng av TouchPad-plattan \b0\par
\par
Du kan st\'e4nga av TouchPad-plattan om du inte vill anv\'e4nda den. Placera ett finger i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och h\'e5ll fingret helt stilla en kort stund. TouchPad-plattan kommer nu att st\'e4ngas av. TouchPad-plattsikonen i Aktivitetsf\'e4ltet \'e4ndras och visar att pekplattan \'e4r inaktiverad.\par
\par
Du aktiverar TouchPad-plattan p\'e5 nytt genom att placera fingret i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet. Ikonen i Aktivitetsf\'e4ltet visar att TouchPad-plattan \'e4r aktiverad.\par
\par
Du kan ange hur l\'e4nge du vill att TouchPad-plattan ska vara inaktiverad.\par
\par
Om du v\'e4ljer alternativet \b St\'e4ng av TouchPad-plattan\b0  kommer pekplattan att vara inaktiverad tills du vidr\'f6r det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 nytt.\par
\b Alternativet St\'e4ng av TouchPad-plattan en session\b0  v\'e4ljer du om vill att pekplattan ska vara inaktiverad under en hel inloggningssession. TouchPad-plattan aktiveras automatiskt n\'e4sta g\'e5ng du loggar in igen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=284\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
Tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda tv\'e5-fingersflicken n\'e4r du s\'f6ker p\'e5 internet eller bl\'e4ddrar mellan olika foton i ett fotovisningsprogram. Du kan \'e4ven anv\'e4nda tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6r att \'f6ppna eller st\'e4nga bildspelsl\'e4gen.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5-fingersflick.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tv\'e5 fingrar n\'e5got is\'e4r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab Att utf\'f6ra en "flick" inneb\'e4r att fingrarna r\'f6rs i en rak, kontinuerlig r\'f6relse i \'f6nskad riktning, fr\'e5n den ena sidan av TouchPad-plattan till den andra.\par
3.\tab Om du r\'f6r fingrarna v\'e5gr\'e4tt, \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster, kommer sidorna att bl\'e4ddras fram\'e5t eller bak\'e5t i visningsprogrammet eller i webbl\'e4saren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Om du anv\'e4nder tv\'e5-fingersflicken i ett bildspelsl\'e4ge r\'f6r du fingrarna lodr\'e4tt. F\'f6r fingrarna upp\'e5t f\'f6r att starta bildspelsl\'e4get och ned\'e5t f\'f6r att avsluta det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=285\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
Tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda tv\'e5-fingersflicken n\'e4r du s\'f6ker p\'e5 internet eller bl\'e4ddrar mellan olika foton i ett fotovisningsprogram.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t tv\'e5-fingersflick.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tv\'e5 fingrar n\'e5got is\'e4r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab Att utf\'f6ra en "flick" h\'e4r inneb\'e4r att fingrarna r\'f6rs i en rak, kontinuerlig r\'f6relse v\'e5gr\'e4tt, fr\'e5n den ena sidan av TouchPad-plattan till den andra.\par
3.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster om du vill bl\'e4ddra fram\'e5t eller bak\'e5t i ett visningsprogram eller i en webbl\'e4sare.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=286\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
Tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6r att \'f6ppna eller st\'e4nga bildspelsl\'e4gen.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t tv\'e5-fingersflick.\b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du tv\'e5-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tv\'e5 fingrar n\'e5got is\'e4r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna lodr\'e4tt i en rak kontinuerlig r\'f6relse i \'f6nskad riktning.\par
3.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna \'e5t upp\'e5t om du vill aktivera bildspelsl\'e4get eller ned\'e5t om du vill l\'e4mna det.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=287\cf0\par
\b V\'e5gr\'e4t tre-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
Den v\'e5gr\'e4ta tre-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda den v\'e5gr\'e4ta tre-fingersflicken n\'e4r du s\'f6ker p\'e5 internet eller bl\'e4ddrar mellan olika foton i ett fotovisningsprogram.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t tre-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du den v\'e5gr\'e4ta tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar n\'e5got is\'e4r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab Att utf\'f6ra en "flick" h\'e4r inneb\'e4r att fingrarna r\'f6rs i en rak, kontinuerlig r\'f6relse v\'e5gr\'e4tt, fr\'e5n den ena sidan av TouchPad-plattan till den andra.\par
3.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster om du vill bl\'e4ddra fram\'e5t eller bak\'e5t i ett visningsprogram eller i en webbl\'e4sare.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=288\cf0\par
\b Lodr\'e4t tre-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
Den lodr\'e4ta tre-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda den lodr\'e4ta tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r att \'f6ppna eller st\'e4nga bildspelsl\'e4gen.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera lodr\'e4t tre-fingersflick \b0\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du den lodr\'e4ta tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar n\'e5got is\'e4r p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna lodr\'e4tt i en rak kontinuerlig r\'f6relse i \'f6nskad riktning.\par
3.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna \'e5t upp\'e5t om du vill aktivera bildspelsl\'e4get eller ned\'e5t om du vill l\'e4mna det.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=289\cf0\par
\b Cirkelrullning\b0\par
Funktionen Cirkelrullning g\'f6r att du kan rulla kontinuerligt n\'e4r du utf\'f6r en j\'e4mn, cirkelrund r\'f6relse. Rullningshastigheten best\'e4ms av hur snabbt du r\'f6r fingret.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera cirkelrullning\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du cirkelrullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i \i m\'e5lzonen\i0 . Om du vill rulla upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t finns m\'e5lzonen till h\'f6ger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Om du vill rulla \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger finns m\'e5lzonen vid nederkanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab Flytta fingret i den riktning som du vill rulla och b\'f6rja sedan g\'f6ra en cirkelr\'f6relse med- eller moturs. N\'e4r du aktiverat Cirkelrullning kan du f\'f6ra fingret \'f6ver hela TouchPad-plattan medan du g\'f6r cirkelr\'f6relsen.\par
\par
\tab Obs! Om du vill \'e4ndra rullningsriktning r\'f6r du bra fingret i den nya riktningen. Rullningen sker nu i den nya riktningen.\par
\par
3.\tab Du stoppar rullningen och \'e5terg\'e5r till pekl\'e4get genom att lyfta upp fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=290\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Autorullning\b0  anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att enkelt kunna rulla i l\'e5nga dokument med bara en fingerr\'f6relse. Rullningen forts\'e4tter sedan du lyft upp fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du autorullning:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicka p\'e5 f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du vill rulla.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r ett finger l\'e4ngs rullningsregionen p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan i den riktning som du \'f6nskar. Om du vill rulla upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t \'e4r rullningsregionen till h\'f6ger. Om du vill rulla \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger \'e4r rullningsregionen vid nederkanten.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Om autorullning inte fungerar ska du kontrollera inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b Rullningsregion\b0 . Om du trots det har problem med att anv\'e4nda autorullning ska du kontrollera att det g\'e5r att rulla f\'f6nstret eller objektet som du klickade p\'e5.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=291\cf0\par
Funktionen \b Rotera \b0\'e4r en anv\'e4ndbar \'e5tg\'e4rd n\'e4r du vill rotera foton och andra objekt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=292\cf0\par
\b Min favorit\'e5tg\'e4rd \b0\par
Min favorit\'e5tg\'e4rd anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att starta ett speciellt program eller flera program.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera min favorit\'e5tg\'e4rd\b0 . Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera\b0  f\'f6r att v\'e4lja program som ska starta.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du \'e5tg\'e4rden:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Placera fingrarna s\'e5 att de \'e4r n\'e5got is\'e4r.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r inte fingrarna f\'f6rr\'e4n programmet eller programmen startats.\par
3.\tab Ta bort fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=293\cf0\par
\b Flick \b0\par
Med "flicken" f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar du navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda flicken n\'e4r du s\'f6ker p\'e5 internet eller bl\'e4ddrar mellan olika foton i ett fotovisningsprogram. Du kan \'e4ven anv\'e4nda flicken f\'f6r att \'f6ppna eller st\'e4nga bildspelsl\'e4gen.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera flick\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du flicken f\'f6r navigering:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Placera fingrarna s\'e5 att de \'e4r n\'e5got is\'e4r\par
2.\tab Att utf\'f6ra en "flick" inneb\'e4r att fingrarna r\'f6rs i en rak, kontinuerlig r\'f6relse i \'f6nskad riktning, fr\'e5n den ena sidan av TouchPad-plattan till den andra.\par
3.\tab Om du r\'f6r fingrarna v\'e5gr\'e4tt, \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster, kommer sidorna att bl\'e4ddras fram\'e5t eller bak\'e5t i visningsprogrammet eller i webbl\'e4saren.\par
\pard\tx180\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du flicken i bildspel:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab F\'f6r fingrarna upp\'e5t f\'f6r att aktivera bildspelsl\'e4get.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r fingrarna ned\'e5t f\'f6r att avsluta bildspelsl\'e4get.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=294\cf0\par
\b Minimera\'e5tg\'e4rd \b0\par
Med minimera\'e5tg\'e4rden tar du fram skrivbordet genom att minimera alla \'f6ppna f\'f6nster. N\'e4r du upprepar \'e5tg\'e4rden \'e5terst\'e4lls f\'f6nstren.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera minimera\'e5tg\'e4rd\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du minimera\'e5tg\'e4rden:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tummens \i h\'e4l \i0 p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r inte handen f\'f6rr\'e4n f\'f6nstren har minimerats eller \'e5terst\'e4llts.\par
3.\tab Ta bort handen fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=295\cf0\par
\b Zoomomr\'e5de \b0\par
Med funktionen f\'f6r zoomomr\'e5de kan du anv\'e4nda den v\'e4nstra sidan av pekplattan f\'f6r att zooma in eller zooma ut en komponent i det aktiva f\'f6nstret. Funktionen f\'f6r zoomomr\'e5de har samma funktionalitet som rullningshjulet i Windows-program d\'e4r Ctrl+rullningshjul st\'f6ds.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera zoomomr\'e5de\b0 .\par
\par
\b S\'e5 h\'e4r zoomar du in:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera fingret i Touchpad-plattans nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t l\'e4ngs kanten mot det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet.\par
3.\tab Upprepa detta tills du f\'e5r r\'e4tt f\'f6rstorning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b S\'e5 h\'e4r zoomar du ut:\b0\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera fingret i Touchpad-plattans \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rn.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r fingret ned\'e5t l\'e4ngs kanten mot det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet.\par
3.\tab Upprepa detta tills du f\'e5r r\'e4tt f\'f6rstorning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=296\cf0\par
\'c5tg\'e4rden \b TouchCheck\b0  anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att skydda att oavsiktlig ber\'f6ring av TouchPad-plattan leder till n\'e5got. TouchCheck-funktionen k\'e4nner av om handflatan vilar p\'e5 pekplattan eller om den sveper \'f6ver ytan medan du skriver. Detta f\'f6rhindrar oavsiktliga pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar.\par
\par
Om du upplever o\'f6nskade pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar ska du \'f6ka inst\'e4llningen f\'f6r TouchCheck genom att f\'f6ra reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger mot \b Maximum\b0 . Om pekplattan missar avsedda r\'f6relser eller slag s\'e4nker du inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r TouchCheck genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster, mot \b Minimum\b0 . Det troligaste \'e4r att du missar vissa r\'f6relser eller slag om reglaget \'e4r i det r\'f6da omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=297\cf0\par
\b Rotera\b0\par
Med rotera\'e5tg\'e4rden kan du rotera objekt, till exempel foton, PDF-filer eller markerade objekt, i 90-graders steg.\par
\par
Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera rotera\b0 .\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du rotera\'e5tg\'e4rden:\par
\pard\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i det nedre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och h\'e5ll det stilla.\par
2.\tab Placera det andra fingret n\'e4stan mitt p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan.\par
3.\tab F\'f6r det andra fingret i en cirkelr\'f6relse runt det f\'f6rsta fingret. Se till att avst\'e5ndet mellan de b\'e5da fingrarna \'e4r detsamma medan du g\'f6r cirkelr\'f6relsen. F\'f6r fingret med- eller moturs f\'f6r att rotera det markerade objektet i \'f6nskad riktning.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=298\cf0\par
\b Rotera i h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet \b0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda roterafuktionen i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan ska du markera kryssrutan \b Rotera i h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet\b0 . F\'f6r v\'e4nsterh\'e4nta kan det vara bekv\'e4mare att anv\'e4nda det h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet f\'f6r pivoterings\'e5tg\'e4rden.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=299\cf0\par
\b Zoomhastighet\b0\par
Med reglaget f\'f6r zoomhastighet kan du best\'e4mma hur snabbt f\'f6nstren ska zoomas beroende p\'e5 hur du r\'f6r fingret i zoomomr\'e5det.\par
\par
Om du vill ha l\'e5ngsam zooming r\'f6r du reglaget mot \b L\'e5ngsam\b0 .\par
Om du vill ha snabbare zooming r\'f6r du reglaget mot \b Snabb\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=300\cf0\par
Klickzoner har samma funktion som fysiska knappar. Det finns tv\'e5 klickzoner l\'e4ngs den nedre kanten p\'e5 ClickPad. Att trycka p\'e5 en klickzon \'e4r som att klicka p\'e5 v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger knapp. V\'e4lj alternativet \b Aktivera klickzoner \b0 f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda klickzoner.\par
\par
Om du inte aktiverar klickzoner m\'e5ste du aktivera \b Slag \b0 eller anv\'e4nda en extern mus f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r knappklickning.\par
\par
Med v\'e4nster klickzon utf\'f6rs prim\'e4r klickning. Med h\'f6ger klickzon utf\'f6rs sekund\'e4r klickning. V\'e4lj \b V\'e4nsterklickning \b0 eller \b H\'f6gerklickning \b0 och konfigurera efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dessa inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=301\cf0\par
Klickzoner har samma funktion som fysiska knappar. Det finns tre klickzoner l\'e4ngs den nedre kanten p\'e5 ClickPad: v\'e4nster, mitten och h\'f6ger. N\'e4r man trycker p\'e5 en klickzon utf\'f6rs samma funktion som vid klickning med en knapp. V\'e4lj alternativet \b Aktivera klickzoner \b0 f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda klickzoner.\par
\par
Om du inte aktiverar klickzoner m\'e5ste du aktivera \b Slag \b0 eller anv\'e4nda en extern mus f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r knappklickning.\par
\par
Med v\'e4nster klickzon utf\'f6rs prim\'e4r klickning. Med h\'f6ger klickzon utf\'f6rs sekund\'e4r klickning. Den mittre klickzonen har samma funktion som en mittenknapp. V\'e4lj \b V\'e4nsterklickning\b0, \b Mittenklickning \b0 eller \b H\'f6gerklickning \b0 och konfigurera efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dessa inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=302\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den v\'e4nstra klickzonen.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=303\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den mittre klickzonen.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=304\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den h\'f6gra klickzonen.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=305\cf0\par
Klickzoner har samma funktion som fysiska knappar. Det finns tv\'e5 klickzoner l\'e4ngs den nedre kanten p\'e5 ClickPad. Att trycka p\'e5 en klickzon \'e4r som att klicka p\'e5 v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger knapp. V\'e4lj alternativet \b Aktivera klickzoner \b0 f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda klickzoner.\par
\par
Om du inte aktiverar klickzonerna kan du aktivera de fysiska knapparna f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r klickning. Om du inte aktiverar klickzonerna eller de fysiska knapparna m\'e5ste du aktivera \b Slagzoner \b0 (under menytr\'e4det \b Slag\b0) eller anv\'e4nda en extern mus f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r klickning.\par
\par
Med den v\'e4nstra klickzonen och fysiska knappen utf\'f6rs prim\'e4r klickning. Med den h\'f6gra klickzonen och fysiska knappen utf\'f6rs sekund\'e4r klickning. V\'e4lj \b V\'e4nsterklickning \b0 eller \b H\'f6gerklickning \b0 och konfigurera efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dessa inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video \b0 f\'f6r att se hur klickzoner anv\'e4nds.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=306\cf0\par
Klickzoner har samma funktion som fysiska knappar. Det finns tre klickzoner l\'e4ngs den nedre kanten p\'e5 ClickPad: v\'e4nster, mitten och h\'f6ger. N\'e4r man trycker p\'e5 en klickzon utf\'f6rs samma funktion som vid klickning med den v\'e4nstra, mittre eller h\'f6gra knappen. V\'e4lj alternativet \b Aktivera klickzoner \b0 f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda klickzoner.\par
\par
Om du inte aktiverar klickzoner kan du aktivera fysiska knappar f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r klickning. Om du inte aktiverar klickzoner eller fysiska knappar m\'e5ste du aktivera \b Slagzoner \b0 (under menytr\'e4det \b Slag\b0) eller anv\'e4nda en extern mus f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r knappklickning.\par
\par
Med den v\'e4nstra klickzonen och knappen utf\'f6rs prim\'e4r klickning. Med den h\'f6gra klickzonen och knappen utf\'f6rs sekund\'e4r klickning. V\'e4lj \b V\'e4nsterklickning \b0 eller \b H\'f6gerklickning \b0 och konfigurera efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dessa inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=307\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den v\'e4nstra klickzonen. Alternativet som du v\'e4ljer f\'f6r den v\'e4nstra klickzonen tilldelas automatiskt till den v\'e4nstra knappen. Om du t.ex. vill byta \'e5tg\'e4rden f\'f6r v\'e4nster och h\'f6ger klickzon kan du v\'e4lja \b Sekund\'e4r klickning\b0. Se till att slutf\'f6ra \'e4ndringen genom att \'e4ndra \'e5tg\'e4rden f\'f6r h\'f6ger klickzon till \b Prim\'e4r klickning\b0.\par
\par
F\'f6r m\'e5nga \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ingen ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen Konfigurera eller ocks\'e5 visas en konfigurationsdialogruta. Klicka n\'e4r som helst p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video \b0 f\'f6r att se hur den v\'e4nstra klickzonen anv\'e4nds.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=308\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den mittre klickzonen. Alternativet som du v\'e4ljer f\'f6r den mittre klickzonen tilldelas automatiskt till den mittre fysiska knappen (om det finns en mittre fysisk knapp). Om du t.ex. v\'e4ljer \b Hoppa till Start-knappen\b0  inneb\'e4r en mittenklickning att pekaren hoppar till \b Start\b0  i Windows aktivitetsf\'e4lt och automatiskt \'f6ppnar \b Start-menyn\b0.\par
\par
F\'f6r m\'e5nga \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ingen ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en konfigurationsdialogruta. Klicka n\'e4r som helst p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen Visa video f\'f6r att se hur den mittre klickzonen anv\'e4nds.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=309\cf0\par
Du kan v\'e4lja en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den h\'f6gra klickzonen. Alternativet som du v\'e4ljer f\'f6r den h\'f6gra klickzonen tilldelas automatiskt till den h\'f6gra fysiska knappen. Om du t.ex. vill byta \'e5tg\'e4rden f\'f6r v\'e4nster och h\'f6ger klickzon kan du v\'e4lja \b Prim\'e4r klickning\b0. Se till att slutf\'f6ra \'e4ndringen genom att \'e4ndra \'e5tg\'e4rden f\'f6r h\'f6ger klickzon till \b Sekund\'e4r klickning\b0.\par
\par
F\'f6r m\'e5nga \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ingen ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en konfigurationsdialogruta. Klicka n\'e4r som helst p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video \b0 f\'f6r att se hur den h\'f6gra klickzonen anv\'e4nds.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=310\cf0\par
Funktionen Klickknappar f\'f6rvandlar hela ClickPad-ytan till en enda "virtuell" knapp. Du kan trycka var som helst p\'e5 ClickPad f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en prim\'e4r-, sekund\'e4r- eller mittenknappsklickning. V\'e4lj alternativet \b Aktivera klickknappar \b0 f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda denna funktion.\par
\par
Genom att trycka med ett finger utf\'f6rs en prim\'e4r klickning. Genom att trycka med tv\'e5 fingrar utf\'f6rs en sekund\'e4r klickning. Genom att trycka med tre fingrar utf\'f6rs en mittenknappsklickning. V\'e4lj \b Enfingersklickning\b0, \b Tv\'e5fingersklickning\b0  eller \b Trefingersklickning \b0 och konfigurera efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dessa inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Om du inte aktiverar klickknappar m\'e5ste du aktivera \b Slag \b0 eller anv\'e4nda en extern mus f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r-, sekund\'e4r- eller mittenknappsklickning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=311\cf0\par
F\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en enfingersklickning trycker du med ett finger p\'e5 ClickPad-ytan tills du k\'e4nner att den ger med sig. Som standard motsvarar en enfingersklickning att klicka p\'e5 en prim\'e4r knapp.\par
\par
V\'e4lj ett alternativ fr\'e5n listan om du vill \'e4ndra standardinst\'e4llningen.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=312\cf0\par
F\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en tv\'e5fingersklickning trycker du med tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 ClickPad-ytan tills du k\'e4nner att den ger med sig. Som standard motsvarar en tv\'e5fingersklickning att klicka p\'e5 en sekund\'e4r knapp.\par
\par
V\'e4lj ett alternativ fr\'e5n listan om du vill \'e4ndra standardinst\'e4llningen.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=313\cf0\par
F\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en trefingersklickning trycker du med tre fingrar p\'e5 ClickPad-ytan tills du k\'e4nner att den ger med sig. Som standard motsvarar en trefingersklickning att klicka p\'e5 en mittre knapp.\par
\par
V\'e4lj ett alternativ fr\'e5n listan om du vill \'e4ndra standardinst\'e4llningen.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=314\cf0\par
Funktionen Klickknappar f\'f6rvandlar hela ClickPad-ytan till en enda "virtuell" knapp. Du kan trycka var som helst f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en prim\'e4r-, sekund\'e4r- eller mittenknappsklickning. V\'e4lj alternativet \b Aktivera klickknappar \b0 f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda denna funktion.\par
\par
Genom att trycka med ett finger utf\'f6rs en prim\'e4r klickning. Genom att trycka med tv\'e5 fingrar utf\'f6rs en sekund\'e4r klickning. Genom att trycka med tre fingrar utf\'f6rs en mittenknappsklickning. V\'e4lj \b Enfingersklickning\b0, \b Tv\'e5fingersklickning\b0  eller \b Trefingersklickning \b0 och konfigurera efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dessa inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Om du inte aktiverar klickknappar kan du aktivera de fysiska knapparna f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r eller sekund\'e4r klickning. Om du inte aktiverar klickknappar eller fysiska knappar m\'e5ste du aktivera \b Slagzoner \b0 (under menytr\'e4det \b Slag\b0) eller anv\'e4nda en extern mus f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra prim\'e4r-, sekund\'e4r- eller mittenknappsklickning.\par
\par
V\'e4lj \b Fysiska knappar \b0 i menytr\'e4det och konfigurera sedan \b V\'e4nsterklickning \b0 och \b H\'f6gerklickning \b0 efter \'f6nskem\'e5l f\'f6r att \'e4ndra dina knappinst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video \b0 f\'f6r att se hur klickknappar anv\'e4nds.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=315\cf0\par
\b Vrida \b0\par
Med hj\'e4lp av Vrida-funktionen kan du rotera t.ex. foton, PDF-filer och andra objekt. Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera Vrida\b0.\par
\par
\b S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du Vrida-funktionen: \b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Markera objektet som du vill rotera.\par
2.\tab Placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan. Fingrarna ska vara n\'e5got is\'e4r.\par
3.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna i en medurs eller moturs r\'f6relse. R\'f6relsen liknar den man anv\'e4nder d\'e5 man vrider p\'e5 ett vridreglage.\par
4.\tab Upprepa vridr\'f6relsen efter behov.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=316\cf0\par
Med Klicka-och-dra-funktionen kan du anv\'e4nda klickzoner f\'f6r att flytta olika objekt.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Anv\'e4nd mark\'f6ren f\'f6r att markera objektet du vill flytta.\par
2.\tab Tryck p\'e5 klickzonen som motsvarar en prim\'e4r klickning. Detta \'e4r som standard den v\'e4nstra klickzonen.\par
3.\tab H\'e5ll klickzonen nedtryckt medan du anv\'e4nder ett andra finger f\'f6r att dra det markerade objektet till \'f6nskat l\'e4ge.\par
4.\tab Lyft fingret fr\'e5n klickzonen n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa objektet som dras.\par
\pard\tx180\par
Vid problem med att klicka-och-dra: Kontrollera att dina klickzoner \'e4r aktiverade och att du trycker p\'e5 den klickzon som \'e4r konfigurerad att motsvara en prim\'e4r klickning.\par
\par
V\'e4lj \b Knappar och klickzoner \b0 i menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att kontrollera dina klickzonsinst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=319\cf0\par
Du kan klicka-och-dra med ett finger f\'f6r att flytta ett markerat objekt. Du kan klicka-och-dra med tv\'e5 fingrar f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra motsvarigheten till att klicka-och-dra med en fysisk h\'f6gerknapp.\par
\par
\b F\'f6r att klicka-och-dra med ett finger:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Anv\'e4nd mark\'f6ren f\'f6r att markera objektet du vill flytta.\par
2.\tab Tryck med ett finger p\'e5 ClickPad.\par
3.\tab H\'e5ll ClickPad nedtryckt medan det markerade objektet dras till \'f6nskat l\'e4ge.\par
4.\tab Lyft fingret fr\'e5n ClickPad n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa objektet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b F\'f6r att klicka-och-dra med tv\'e5 fingrar:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Anv\'e4nd mark\'f6ren f\'f6r att markera objektet du vill flytta.\par
2.\tab Tryck med tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 ClickPad.\par
3.\tab H\'e5ll ClickPad nedtryckt medan det markerade objektet dras till \'f6nskat l\'e4ge.\par
4.\tab Lyft fingrarna fr\'e5n ClickPad n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa objektet.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=320\cf0\par
Reglaget f\'f6r \b pekk\'e4nslighet\b0  anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur h\'e5rt du m\'e5ste trycka p\'e5 rullningsplattan innan den reagerar.\par
\par
Om rullningsplattan reagerar p\'e5 ett ober\'e4kneligt s\'e4tt eller om du arbetar p\'e5 en plats med h\'f6g luftfuktighet kan du minska k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0.\par
\par
Om du m\'e5ste trycka onormalt h\'e5rt f\'f6r att rullningsplattan ska fungera kan du \'f6ka k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster, mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=321\cf0\par
Med \b k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna\b0  kan du anpassa hur rullningsplattan ska svara mot ber\'f6ringar. V\'e4lj ett objekt fr\'e5n menytr\'e4det \b K\'e4nslighet\b0  f\'f6r att \'e4ndra k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=322\cf0\par
Funktionen \b PalmCheck\b0 \'99 anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att f\'f6rhindra att rullningsplattan reagerar p\'e5 oavsiktlig ber\'f6ring. Med hj\'e4lp av PalmCheck kan rullningsplattan k\'e4nna av om handflatan vilar mot den eller vidr\'f6r dess yta medan du anv\'e4nder tangentbordet. D\'e4rigenom kan oavsiktlig rullning f\'f6rhindras.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=323\cf0\par
Med kryssrutan \b Aktivera knapp\b0  aktiveras knappen f\'f6r denna enhet. V\'e4lj knappens namn fr\'e5n menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att konfigurera \'e5tg\'e4rden som utf\'f6rs n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
Om \b Aktivera knapp\b0  inte \'e4r markerad \'e4r knappen inaktiverad och reagerar inte p\'e5 tryckning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=324\cf0\par
V\'e4lj en \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan ovan f\'f6r att tilldela den till den valda knappen. Den valda \'e5tg\'e4rden utf\'f6rs varje g\'e5ng du trycker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
Observera att knappen m\'e5ste vara aktiverad f\'f6r att kunna tilldelas en \'e5tg\'e4rd. Utf\'f6r f\'f6ljande steg f\'f6r att aktivera knappen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab V\'e4lj \b Knapp\b0  i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster.\par
2.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera knapp\b0.\par
3.\tab V\'e4lj knappen fr\'e5n menytr\'e4det \b Knapp\b0  f\'f6r att \'e5terg\'e5 till denna sida.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=325\cf0\par
Med dessa alternativ kan du ange f\'f6r vilket f\'f6nster eller objekt rullningsfunktionen ska till\'e4mpas.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=326\cf0\par
F\'f6r vissa program g\'e5r det att specificera graden av rotation. Alternativet som v\'e4ljs i f\'e4ltet \b Aktivera grad av rotation \b0 till\'e4mpas om programmet har st\'f6d f\'f6r detta.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=327\cf0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Visa video \b0 f\'f6r att se hur denna funktion anv\'e4nds.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=328\cf0\par
N\'e4r alternativet Aktivera kantslagsfiltrering \'e4r valt kommer tillf\'e4lliga fingerslag l\'e4ngs kanterna p\'e5 TouchPad att ignoreras.\par
\par
Kantregionen anges av det skuggade omr\'e5det enligt ovan. Du kan justera storleken p\'e5 kantregionen genom att dra i de svarta handtagen. Observera att pekarr\'f6relse, omr\'e5desval, rullningsregion och \'e5tg\'e4rdsinmatning inte p\'e5verkas av denna inst\'e4llning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=329\cf0\par
Startzonsfunktionen hj\'e4lper till att minimera oavsiktliga pekarr\'f6relser och omr\'e5desval.\par
\par
N\'e4r detta alternativ \'e4r valt m\'e5ste fingret inledningsvis ber\'f6ra TouchPad-plattan i startzonen f\'f6r att pekarr\'f6relse eller omr\'e5desval ska utf\'f6ras. Om inledande ber\'f6ring sker utanf\'f6r startzonen i samband med pekarr\'f6relse eller omr\'e5desval, kommer ber\'f6ringen att ignoreras. S\'e5 l\'e4nge pekarr\'f6relse eller omr\'e5desval p\'e5b\'f6rjas inom startzonen, kommer TouchPad-plattans omr\'e5den utanf\'f6r startzonen att fungera normalt tills startzonen \'e5terst\'e4lls. Genom att justera reglaget ovan kan du ange hur snart startzonen ska \'e5terst\'e4llas n\'e4r ingen ber\'f6ring f\'f6rekommer p\'e5 plattan. Slagfunktion, rullningsregioner och \'e5tg\'e4rder p\'e5verkas inte av startzonsalternativet.\par
\par
F\'f6r b\'e4sta m\'f6jliga resultat ska f\'f6rutom denna funktion \'e4ven PalmCheck-funktionen aktiveras.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=330\cf0\par
Reglaget f\'f6r \b pekk\'e4nslighet\b0  anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur h\'e5rt du m\'e5ste trycka med fingrarna innan rullningssensorn reagerar.\par
\par
Om rullningssensorn reagerar p\'e5 ett ober\'e4kneligt s\'e4tt eller om du arbetar p\'e5 en plats med h\'f6g luftfuktighet kan du minska k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger, mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0.\par
\par
Om du m\'e5ste trycka onormalt h\'e5rt f\'f6r att rullningssensorn ska fungera kan du \'f6ka k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget \'e5t v\'e4nster, mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=331\cf0\par
Med \b k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna\b0  kan du anpassa hur rullningssensorn ska svara mot ber\'f6ringar. V\'e4lj ett objekt fr\'e5n menytr\'e4det \b K\'e4nslighet\b0  f\'f6r att \'e4ndra k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=332\cf0\par
N\'e4r tv\'e5fingers dubbelslag \'e4r aktiverat kan du samtidigt sl\'e5 med tv\'e5 fingrar tv\'e5 g\'e5nger mot TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att starta \'f6nskat program. (Placera fingrarna s\'e5 att de \'e4r n\'e5got is\'e4r.) Klicka p\'e5 Konfigurera f\'f6r att v\'e4lja vilket program du vill starta med denna \'e5tg\'e4rd.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=333\cf0\par
Startzonen anges av det skuggade omr\'e5det enligt ovan. Du kan justera storleken p\'e5 startzonen genom att dra i de svarta handtagen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=334\cf0\par
\b Vad \'e4r ClickPad?\b0\par
\par
Synaptics ClickPad\'99 liknar Synaptics TouchPad\'99. ClickPad kan anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r att rulla, peka eller v\'e4lja, precis som TouchPad.\par
\par
ClickPad ger emellertid med sig n\'e4r man trycker p\'e5 den. Att trycka p\'e5 ClickPad k\'e4nns ungef\'e4r som att trycka p\'e5 en fysisk knapp. Detta g\'f6r att ClickPad \'e4r ett praktiskt alternativ till fysiska knappar eller en mus.\par
\par
ClickPad har en av eller b\'e5da f\'f6ljande funktioner:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}Klickknappar\par
{\pntext\'B7\tab}Klickzoner\par
\pard\tx180\par
V\'e4lj funktion i menytr\'e4det till v\'e4nster f\'f6r att f\'e5 reda p\'e5 mer om den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=335\cf0\par
\b F\'f6rstoringsl\'e4ge\b0\par
N\'e4r f\'f6rstoringsfunktionen \'e4r aktiverad kan pekaren f\'f6rvandlas till ett f\'f6rstoringsglas och anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r att f\'f6rstora valfri del av sk\'e4rmen. Ange f\'f6rstoringsglasets storlek (mellan 100 och 400 pixlar i varje riktning) och standardzoomniv\'e5.\par
\par
\b F\'f6r inmatning och anv\'e4ndning av f\'f6rstoringsl\'e4ge:\b0\par
Placera ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan och g\'f6r ett dubbelslag med ett andra finger. En rektangel (f\'f6rstoringsglassymbol) visas.\par
\par
I f\'f6rstoringsl\'e4get kan du r\'f6ra f\'f6rstoringsglaset som du r\'f6r en pekare f\'f6r att \'e4ndra l\'e4ge. Du kan anv\'e4nda tv\'e5fingerszoomning f\'f6r att \'f6ka eller minska f\'f6rstoringsgraden.\par
\par
\b F\'f6r att avsluta f\'f6rstoringsl\'e4get:\b0\par
Klicka med den v\'e4nstra musknappen, sl\'e5 p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan eller tryck p\'e5 Esc-tangenten f\'f6r att \'e5terg\'e5 till normal pekarfunktion.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=337\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5fingers enkelslag\b0\par
Genom att aktivera tv\'e5fingers enkelslag kan TouchPad-plattan konfigureras s\'e5 att den fungerar som en knapp n\'e4r man sl\'e5r p\'e5 den med tv\'e5 fingrar. V\'e4lj \'e5tg\'e4rd fr\'e5n listan f\'f6r att tilldela tv\'e5fingers enkelslag och konfigurera vid behov.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=338\cf0\par
\b Vertikala trefingersr\'f6relser\b0\par
Med hj\'e4lp av vertikala trefingersr\'f6relser f\'e5r man genv\'e4gar till Den h\'e4r datorn och aktivitetsv\'e4xlingsfunktionen. Klicka i kryssrutan "Den h\'e4r datorn" f\'f6r att aktivera trefingersr\'f6relse upp\'e5t. Klicka i kryssrutan "V\'e4xla mellan f\'f6nster" f\'f6r att aktivera trefingersr\'f6relse ned\'e5t.\par
\par
\b Trefingersr\'f6relse upp\'e5t:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar (n\'e5got is\'e4r) vid TouchPad-plattans nederkant.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna mot TouchPad-plattans \'f6verkant.\par
3.\tab F\'f6nstret Den h\'e4r datorn \'f6ppnas.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\b Trefingersr\'f6relse ned\'e5t:\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera tre fingrar (n\'e5got is\'e4r) i n\'e4rheten av TouchPad-plattans \'f6verkant.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r fingrarna ned\'e5t mot TouchPad-plattans nederkant.\par
3.\tab Lyft fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan.\par
4.\tab Aktivitetsv\'e4xlingsfunktionen startas.\par
5.\tab Anv\'e4nd horisontella trefingersr\'f6relser \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger f\'f6r att v\'e4xla mellan olika program.\par
6.\tab Lyft alla fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att v\'e4xla till \'f6nskat program n\'e4r detta \'e4r markerat.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=339\cf0\par
Funktionen \b EdgeMotion\b0 \'99 \'e4r avsedd att anv\'e4ndas n\'e4r du beh\'f6ver r\'f6ra pekaren \'f6ver stora avst\'e5nd. N\'e4r fingret kommer till kanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan, kommer pekaren att forts\'e4tta r\'f6ra sig i samma riktning tills du tar bort fingret.\par
\par
Aktivera EdgeMotion genom att f\'f6rst kontrollera att slagfunktionen \'e4r aktiverad, och v\'e4lj d\'e4refter \'f6nskade EdgeMotion-alternativ.\par
\par
Rullningsfunktionerna kan \'e4ven anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r EdgeMotion. V\'e4lj \'f6nskade rullningsalternativ f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion under rullning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=340\cf0\par
Med funktionen \b Inaktiveringsomr\'e5de f\'f6r TouchPad\b0  kan du aktivera eller inaktivera TouchPad genom dubbelslag i TouchPad-plattans h\'f6rnomr\'e5de.\par
Om TouchPad-plattan \'e4r aktiverad kan du inaktivera den genom dubbelslag i h\'f6rnet. Om TouchPad-plattan \'e4r inaktiverad kan du aktivera den genom dubbelslag i h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=341\cf0\par
Genom att markera denna ruta aktiveras dubbelslag f\'f6r att m\'f6jligg\'f6ra denna funktion. Genom att avmarkera denna ruta inaktiveras dubbelslag f\'f6r att st\'e4nga av den.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=342\cf0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera lodr\'e4t och v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning.\par
F\'f6r fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att flytta det valda f\'f6rem\'e5let eller f\'f6nstret i lodr\'e4t riktning.\par
F\'f6r fingret \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att flytta det valda f\'f6rem\'e5let eller f\'f6nstret i v\'e5gr\'e4t riktning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=343\cf0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera lodr\'e4t och v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning.\par
F\'f6r de tv\'e5 fingrarna upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att flytta det valda f\'f6rem\'e5let eller f\'f6nstret i lodr\'e4t riktning.\par
F\'f6r de tv\'e5 fingrarna \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan f\'f6r att flytta det valda f\'f6rem\'e5let eller f\'f6nstret i v\'e5gr\'e4t riktning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=344\cf0\par
N\'e4r tv\'e5fingers dubbelslag \'e4r aktiverat kan du samtidigt sl\'e5 med tv\'e5 fingrar tv\'e5 g\'e5nger mot TouchPad\'99-plattan f\'f6r att starta \'f6nskat program. (Placera fingrarna s\'e5 att de \'e4r n\'e5got is\'e4r.) Klicka p\'e5 Konfigurera f\'f6r att v\'e4lja vilket program du vill starta med denna \'e5tg\'e4rd.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r aktiverar du dubbelslag med tv\'e5 fingrar:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Kontrollera att \b Aktivera slag\b0  \'e4r markerat p\'e5 sidan \b Slag\b0.\par
2.\tab Markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera tv\'e5fingers dubbelslag\b0  ovan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=345\cf0\par
\b St\'e4ng av TouchPad\'99-plattan\b0\par
Du kan st\'e4nga av TouchPad\'99-plattan om du inte vill anv\'e4nda den. Dubbelsl\'e5 i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. TouchPad\'99-plattsikonen i Aktivitetsf\'e4ltet \'e4ndras och visar att pekplattan \'e4r inaktiverad.\par
Du aktiverar TouchPad\'99-plattan p\'e5 nytt genom att dubbelsl\'e5 i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet. Ikonen i Aktivitetsf\'e4ltet visar att TouchPad\'99-plattan \'e4r aktiverad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=346\cf0\par
Om du v\'e4ljer alternativet \b St\'e4ng av TouchPad\'99-plattan\b0  kommer pekplattan att vara inaktiverad tills du \'e5terst\'e4ller den genom att dubbelsl\'e5 i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=347\cf0\par
Med alternativet \b St\'e4ng av TouchPad\'99-plattan en session\b0  kommer pekplattan att st\'e4ngas av under resten av tiden f\'f6r den aktuella sessionen. TouchPad\'99-plattan aktiveras automatiskt n\'e4sta g\'e5ng du loggar in igen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=348\cf0\par
\b K\'e4nslighet\b0\par
Med k\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningarnakan du anpassa hur rullningssensorn ska svara mot ber\'f6ringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=349\cf0\par
Rullningsfunktionerna kan \'e4ven anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r EdgeMotion\'99. Om du vill anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion\'99 medan du rullar v\'e4ljer du \b Aktivera EdgeMotion\'99 vid rullning\b0  under \b Enfingersrullning\b0  eller \b Tv\'e5fingersrullning\b0  under \b Rullning\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=350\cf0\par
N\'e4r filtret \'e4r aktiverat kan du f\'f6rutse n\'e4r du avsiktligt anv\'e4nder omr\'e5det f\'f6r enfingersrullning. Om du oavsiktligt aktiverar rullning ska du aktivera detta filter.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=351\cf0\par
N\'e4r filtret \'e4r aktiverat kan du f\'f6rutse n\'e4r du avsiktligt anv\'e4nder Tv\'e5fingerszoom, Tv\'e5fingersrullning och Program\'e5tg\'e4rder.\par
\par
Omr\'e5det p\'e5 pekplattan som kan anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r gester visas med det skuggade omr\'e5det ovan. Du kan justera storleken p\'e5 omr\'e5det genom att dra i de svarta handtagen.\par
\par
Om den f\'f6rsta kontakten med pekplattan sker utanf\'f6r omr\'e5det kommer gesten att ignoreras. Om du av misstag utl\'f6ser Tv\'e5fingerszoom, Tv\'e5fingersrullning eller Rotera ska du aktivera det h\'e4r filtret.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=352\cf0\par
\b Flerfingersgest\b0\par
Flerfingersgester anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att f\'e5 genv\'e4gar till program eller funktioner som du anv\'e4nder ofta. Vad som h\'e4nder n\'e4r du g\'f6r en av dessa gester beror p\'e5 vilket program du anv\'e4nder. Klicka p\'e5 hj\'e4lpen f\'f6r respektive gest f\'f6r att ta reda p\'e5 vad du kan g\'f6ra.
\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=353\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5fingersrullning\b0\par
Funktionen f\'f6r tv\'e5fingersrullning anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att rulla lodr\'e4tt eller v\'e5gr\'e4tt p\'e5 hela TouchPad\'99-plattan. Du beh\'f6ver bara placera tv\'e5 fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan och sedan f\'f6ra dem i den \'f6nskade riktningen. Du beh\'f6ver inte placera fingrarna i rullningsomr\'e5det f\'f6r att kunna utf\'f6ra rullningen.\par
\par
Titta p\'e5 videon f\'f6r att l\'e4ra dig hur du g\'f6r en tv\'e5fingersrullning. Se till att fingrarna ligger n\'e5got is\'e4r. Lyfta upp b\'e5da fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad\'99-plattan f\'f6r att avbryta rullningen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=354\cf0\par
\b Aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning\b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera lodr\'e4t rullning. F\'f6r tv\'e5 fingrar upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan f\'f6r att rulla det markerade f\'f6nstret eller objektet lodr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=355\cf0\par
\b Aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning\b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning i f\'f6nster med v\'e5gr\'e4ta rullningslister. R\'f6r fingret fram\'e5t och bak\'e5t l\'e4ngs nederkanten av TouchPad\'99-plattan f\'f6r att rulla det markerade f\'f6nstret eller objektet v\'e5gr\'e4tt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=356\cf0\par
\b Aktivera EdgeMotion\'99 vid rullning\b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan om du vill att rullningen ska forts\'e4tta n\'e4r du kommer till kanten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. Du stoppar rullningen genom att lyfta upp fingrarna fr\'e5n pekplattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=357\cf0\par
\b Aktivera drivning\b0\par
Med drivning underl\'e4ttar du rullningen i stora dokument. Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan om du vill att rullningen ska forts\'e4tta n\'e4r du lyfter upp fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad\'99-plattan. Du anv\'e4nder drivning genom att flytta och sedan lyfta fingrarna i en j\'e4mn r\'f6relse. N\'e4r du s\'e4tter tillbaka fingrarna p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan avbryts drivningen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=358\cf0\par
\b\'d6va\b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen \'d6va f\'f6r att k\'f6ra igenom en enkel labyrint som hj\'e4lper dig utf\'f6ra rullningen.\par
\par
Innan du b\'f6rjar ska du leta reda p\'e5 labyrintens start- och slutpunkt. Du ser inte hela labyrinten eftersom den \'e4r st\'f6rre \'e4n f\'f6nstret som den visas i. Rulla s\'e5 att du kan se hela labyrinten. H\'e5ll ned Ctrl-tangenten och rulla f\'f6r att se hela labyrinten.\par
\par
En gul punkt i det \'f6vre v\'e4nstra h\'f6rnet i labyrinten markerar var du ska b\'f6rja. En bl\'e5 punkt till h\'f6ger markerar slutpunkten.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r utf\'f6r du rull\'f6vningen:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Klicka p\'e5 den r\'f6da fyrkanten i den gula punkten.\par
2.\tab Anv\'e4nd piltangenterna eller "sl\'e5" p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan f\'f6r att navigera igenom labyrinten.\par
3.\tab Anv\'e4nd l\'e4mplig metod f\'f6r att f\'f6rflytta dig i labyrinten.\par
4.\tab St\'e4ng rullningsf\'f6nstret n\'e4r du kommer till den bl\'e5 punkten till h\'f6ger.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=359\cf0\par
\b Tv\'e5fingerszoom\b0\par
Tv\'e5fingerszoomning kan du anv\'e4nda i m\'e5nga program. Du anv\'e4nder tv\'e5fingerszoomning f\'f6r att f\'e5 samma funktion som rullningshjulet har i Windows-program d\'e4r Ctrl+rullningshjul st\'f6ds.\par
\par
Markera kryssrutan Tv\'e5fingerszoom f\'f6r att aktivera zoomningsgesten. Titta p\'e5 videon f\'f6r att l\'e4ra dig hur du utf\'f6r gesten. Anv\'e4nda fingertopparna f\'f6r att f\'e5 b\'e4sta resultat.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=360\cf0\par
\b Zoomhastighet\b0\par
Med reglaget Zoomhastighet kontrollerar du hur snabbt f\'f6nstret zoomas vid en tv\'e5fingerszoomning.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
Om du vill zooma l\'e5ngsamt f\'f6r du reglaget mot \b L\'e5ngsam\b0 .\par
Om du vill zooma snabbt f\'f6r du reglaget mot \b Snabb\b0 .\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=361\cf0\par
\b Aktivera pivotering\b0\par
N\'e4r rutan \'e4r markerad kan du rotera ett objekt, till exempel ett foto, i 90-graderssteg.\par
\par
Titta p\'e5 videon f\'f6r att l\'e4ra dig hur du utf\'f6r gesten. Se till att avst\'e5ndet mellan de b\'e5da fingrarna \'e4r detsamma medan du utf\'f6r gesten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=362\cf0\par
\b Pivotera i det h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet\b0\par
Om du vill anv\'e4nda pivotfuktionen i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan ska du markera kryssrutan Pivotera i det h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet. Detta kan k\'e4nnas bekv\'e4mare om du utf\'f6r pivotgesten med v\'e4nster hand.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=363\cf0\par
\b Aktivera ChiralRotate\b0\'99\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan n\'e4r du vill anv\'e4nda ChiralRotate\'99-gesten f\'f6r att rotera objekt i 90-graderssteg. Observera att ChiralRotate\'99-\'e5tg\'e4rden endast fungerar i program som har st\'f6d f\'f6r funktionen.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralRotate\'99:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i den v\'e4nstra "m\'e5lzonen" l\'e4ngst ner p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan.\par
2.\tab F\'f6r fingret ned\'e5t eller upp\'e5t och g\'f6r en cirkelr\'f6relse. Om du vill rotera objektet medurs r\'f6r du fingret i cirkelr\'f6relser medurs och om du vill rotera det moturs r\'f6r du fingret i cirkelr\'f6relser moturs.\par
3.\tab Ta bort fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad\'99-plattan om du vill \'e5terg\'e5 till normall\'e4ge.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=364\cf0\par
\b Trefingerstryckning\b0\par
N\'e4r kryssrutan \'e4r markerad kan du med en trefingerstryckning starta ett speciellt program. Om du vill anpassa programmet(en) som startas klickar du p\'e5 inst\'e4llningsknappen.\par
\par
Titta p\'e5 videon f\'f6r att l\'e4ra dig hur du utf\'f6r trefingerstryckningen. Se till att du h\'e5ller fingrarna n\'e5got is\'e4r n\'e4r du utf\'f6r den h\'e4r gesten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=365\cf0\par
\b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0\par
Med pekk\'e4nslighetsreglaget kontrollerar du hur mycket tryck med fingrarna som kr\'e4vs f\'f6r att flytta pekaren med en speciell hastighet. Om pekarr\'f6relsen blir fel ska du f\'f6rs\'f6ka med att flytta reglaget mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0. Om tryckningen inte registreras kan du flytta reglaget mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=366\cf0\par
\b Rullning\b0\par
Med rullningsfunktionen kan du hantera rullningslisterna i ett f\'f6nster utan att flytta pekaren bort fr\'e5n det du arbetar med. Rullningsfunktionen fungerar i de flesta rullningsbara f\'f6nster som exempelvis dokument, kalkylark och stora digitala bilder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=367\cf0\par
\b Aktivera omv\'e4nd rullningsriktning\b0\par
Den h\'e4r funktionen \'e4ndrar standardbeteendet f\'f6r rullning. I vanliga fall flyttas rullningslisten i den riktning som du r\'f6r fingret. Om du v\'e4ljer omv\'e4nd rullningsriktning flyttas dokumentet eller objektet i motsatt riktning mot fingerr\'f6relsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=368\cf0\par
\b Aktivera ChiralScrolling\b0\'99\par
Den h\'e4r funktionen g\'f6r att du kan rulla kontinuerligt n\'e4r du utf\'f6r en j\'e4mn, cirkelrund r\'f6relse. Rullningshastigheten best\'e4ms av hur snabbt du r\'f6r fingret. Du aktiverar funktionen genom att markera kryssrutan Aktivera ChiralScrolling.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du ChiralScrolling:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera ett finger i m\'e5lzonen. Om du vill rulla upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t finns m\'e5lzonen till h\'f6ger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. Om du vill rulla \'e5t v\'e4nster eller h\'f6ger finns m\'e5lzonen vid nederkanten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan.\par
2.\tab Flytta fingret i den riktning som du vill rulla och b\'f6rja sedan g\'f6ra en cirkelr\'f6relse med- eller moturs. N\'e4r du aktiverat ChiralScrolling kan du f\'f6ra fingret \'f6ver hela TouchPad\'99-plattan medan du g\'f6r cirkelr\'f6relsen. Obs! Om du vill \'e4ndra rullningsriktning r\'f6r du bara fingret i den nya riktningen. Rullningen sker nu i den nya riktningen.\par
3.\tab Du stoppar rullningen och \'e5terg\'e5r till pekl\'e4get genom att lyfta upp fingret fr\'e5n TouchPad\'99-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=369\cf0\par
\b Aktivera EdgeMotion\'99 vid rullning\b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan om du vill att rullningen ska forts\'e4tta n\'e4r du kommer till kanten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=370\cf0\par
\b Rullningsomr\'e5de\b0\par
Bilden \'f6ver rullningsomr\'e5det representerar ytan p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. Det skuggade omr\'e5det visar rullningsomr\'e5dena p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattans yta.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanterna p\'e5 bilden f\'f6r att visa var fingret \'e4r placerat. Om fingret \'e4r i ett aktivt rullningsomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan kommer motsvarande omr\'e5de i bilden att f\'e5 en enhetlig f\'e4rg.\par
\par
Du g\'f6r rullningsomr\'e5det st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna vid det skuggade omr\'e5dets ytterkanter. Om det \'e4r sv\'e5rt att aktivera rullningen ska du g\'f6ra rullningsomr\'e5det st\'f6rre genom att flytta kanterna f\'f6r det skuggade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om rullningen aktiveras f\'f6r enkelt g\'f6r du rullningsomr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Om rullningsomr\'e5det \'e4r gr\'e5tt och inte g\'e5r att justera ska du kontrollera om lodr\'e4t och v\'e5gr\'e4t rullning \'e4r aktiverade.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=371\cf0\par
\b Rotera\b0\par
Funktionen Rotera \'e4r en anv\'e4ndbar \'e5tg\'e4rd n\'e4r du vill rotera foton och andra objekt.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=372\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\b0\'99\par
PalmCheck\'99-funktionen anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att se till att oavsiktlig ber\'f6ring av TouchPad\'99-plattan leder till n\'e5got. Funktionen k\'e4nner av om handflatan vilar p\'e5 pekplattan eller om den sveper \'f6ver ytan medan du skriver och den h\'e4r ber\'f6ringen kommer d\'e5 att ignoreras. Detta f\'f6rhindrar oavsiktliga pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=373\cf0\par
\b PalmCheck\'99-k\'e4nslighet\b0\par
PalmCheck\'99-funktionens k\'e4nslighet kan \'e4ndras s\'e5 att den passar ditt s\'e4tt att arbeta.\par
\par
Om du m\'e4rker o\'f6nskade pekarr\'f6relser eller klickningar ska du \'f6ka inst\'e4llningen f\'f6r PalmCheck\'99 genom att f\'f6ra reglaget mot \b Maximum\b0 .\par
\par
Om pekplattan missar avsedda r\'f6relser eller slag s\'e4nker du inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r PalmCheck\'99 genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget mot \b Minimum\b0 . Det troligaste \'e4r att du missar vissa r\'f6relser eller slag om reglaget \'e4r i det r\'f6da omr\'e5det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=374\cf0\par
\b Momentum\b0\'99\par
Med Momentum funktionen f\'e5r du mjuka och snabba styrkuler\'f6relser. En snabb r\'f6relse med fingret p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan flyttar mark\'f6ren \'f6ver hela bildsk\'e4rmen. Med Momentum funktionen minskas behovet av repetitiva r\'f6relser n\'e4r du m\'e5ste flytta mark\'f6ren \'f6ver l\'e5nga avst\'e5nd. Du f\'e5r nu en mjuk och naturlig k\'e4nsla som p\'e5minner om n\'e4r du anv\'e4nder en styrkula. Momentum funktionen passa bra f\'f6r RTS-spel (Real Time Strategy), FPS-spel (First Person Shooter) och RPG-spel (Role Playing Games).\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=375\cf0\par
\b Glidavst\'e5nd\b0\par
Reglaget f\'f6r glidavst\'e5nd anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur l\'e5ngt mark\'f6ren ska flyttas n\'e4r du g\'f6r en r\'f6relse med ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. N\'e4r du vill stoppa mark\'f6ren sl\'e5r du en g\'e5ng p\'e5 plattan eller h\'e5ller ner fingret.\par
\par
Om du vill \'f6ka glidavst\'e5ndet flyttar du regllaget mot \b L\'e5ngt\b0 och om du vill minska flyttar du reglaget mot \b Kort\b0 .\par
\par
\b Begr\'e4nsa till sk\'e4rmkant\b0\par
Markera den h\'e4r kryssrutan om du vill att mark\'f6ren inte ska g\'e5 utanf\'f6r sk\'e4rmen. Den h\'e4r funktionen underl\'e4ttar n\'e4r du vill komma \'e5t menyer och kontroller vid sk\'e4rmkanterna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=376\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\b0\'99\par
Funktionen EdgeMotion\'99 \'e4r avsedd att anv\'e4ndas n\'e4r du beh\'f6ver r\'f6ra pekaren \'f6ver stora avst\'e5nd. N\'e4r fingret kommer till kanten p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan, kommer pekaren att forts\'e4tta r\'f6ra sig i samma riktning tills du tar bort fingret.\par
\par
Rullningsfunktionerna kan \'e4ven anv\'e4ndas f\'f6r EdgeMotion\'99. Om du vill anv\'e4nda EdgeMotion\'99 n\'e4r du rullar ska du markera kryssrutan \b Aktivera EdgeMotion\'99 vid rullning\b0  under \b Rullning\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=377\cf0\par
\b EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det\b0\par
Bilden \'f6ver EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det i f\'f6nstret med inst\'e4llningarna representerar ytan p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. Det skuggade omr\'e5det visar EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5dena p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattans yta.\par
\par
N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanterna p\'e5 EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det f\'f6r att visa var fingret \'e4r placerat. Om fingret \'e4r i ett aktivt EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan kommer motsvarande omr\'e5de i bilden att f\'e5 en enhetlig f\'e4rg.\par
\par
Du kan g\'f6ra EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna vid det skuggade omr\'e5dets ytterkanter. Om det \'e4r sv\'e5rt att aktivera EdgeMotion\'99 ska du g\'f6ra EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det st\'f6rre genom att dra kanterna f\'f6r det skuggade omr\'e5det in\'e5t. Om EdgeMotion\'99 aktiveras allt f\'f6r enkelt ska du g\'f6ra EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=378\cf0\par
\b Kontrollera hastighet med fingrets tryck\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat best\'e4ms EdgeMotion\'99-hastigheten av hur h\'e5rt du trycker fingret mot TouchPad\'99-plattan. N\'e4r du trycker h\'e5rdare \'f6kar hastigheten.\par
\par
\b Konstant hastighet\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat flyttas pekaren alltid med en konstant hastighet n\'e4r fingret \'e4r i EdgeMotion\'99-omr\'e5det.\par
\par

\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=379\cf0\par
\b Tillg\'e4ngligt\b0\par
Tillg\'e4nglighetsfunktionen anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att ange hur pekaren ska hantera pek\'e5tg\'e4rder, inklusive att h\'e5lla pekaren inom ett f\'f6nster, g\'f6ra r\'f6relsen l\'e5ngsammare och begr\'e4nsa riktingen p\'e5 pekarr\'f6relsen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=380\cf0\par
\b Aktivera f\'e4st mot kanter\b0\par
Med det h\'e4r alternativet kommer pekaren att h\'e5lla sig inom det aktiva f\'f6nstret. N\'e4r du f\'f6rsta g\'e5ngen f\'f6rs\'f6ker flytta pekaren utanf\'f6r f\'f6nstret kommer den att stanna vid kanten. N\'e4r du f\'f6rs\'f6ker n\'e4sta g\'e5ng \'e4r du fri att flytta pekaren dit du vill.\par
\par
Om du v\'e4ljer att h\'e5lla pekaren inom f\'f6nstret blir det enklare att komma \'e5t kontroller som ligger vid kanterna i f\'f6nstret. Om du vill st\'e4nga eller \'e4ndra storlek p\'e5 ett f\'f6nster kan du snabbt flytta pekaren mot st\'e4ngaknappen eller mot kanten p\'e5 f\'f6nstret, och pekaren stannar exakt p\'e5 kanten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=381\cf0\par
\b Aktivera l\'e5ngsam r\'f6relse\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r aktiverat kan du minska hastigheten p\'e5 r\'f6relsen f\'f6r att f\'f6rb\'e4ttra exaktheten vid precisa positioneringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=382\cf0\par
\b Aktivera begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse\b0\par
Med den h\'e4r funktionen kan du tvinga fram endast v\'e5gr\'e4ta eller lodr\'e4ta r\'f6relser p\'e5 sk\'e4rmen. Den h\'e4r funktionen l\'e4mpar sig b\'e4st f\'f6r ritprogram.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=383\cf0\par
\b Slag\b0\par
N\'e4r den h\'e4r kryssrutan \'e4r markerad f\'e5r ett slag samman effekt som n\'e4r du klickar med v\'e4nster musknapp. Om du avmarkerar rutan kan du endast anv\'e4nda knapparna p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan f\'f6r att klicka.\par
\par
"Slag" betyder att du snabbt trycker p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan och sedan lyfter upp fingret fr\'e5n ytan. Ett l\'e4tt och snabbt slag fungerar b\'e4st. Mycket h\'e5rda eller l\'e5ngsamma slag \'e4r mindre effektiva. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng f\'f6r en klickning eller tv\'e5 g\'e5nger i snabb f\'f6ljd f\'f6r att dubbelklickning.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=384\cf0\par
\b Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s\b0\par
N\'e4r du valt den h\'e4r funktionen kan du dra objekt \'f6ver l\'e5nga avst\'e5nd \'f6ver sk\'e4rmen med flera fingerr\'f6relser. N\'e4r Sl\'e5 och l\'e5s \'e4r markerat kommer dra-\'e5tg\'e4rden fortfarande att vara aktiverad \'e4ven om du lyfter fingret fr\'e5n plattan. Sl\'e5 ytterligare en g\'e5ng f\'f6r att sl\'e4ppa objektet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=385\cf0\par
\b Aktivera slagzoner\b0\par
N\'e4r den h\'e4r kryssrutan \'e4r markerad kan du tilldela en speciell \'e5tg\'e4rd eller genv\'e4g till varje h\'f6rn p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. Genom att sl\'e5 i en av slagzonerna utf\'f6rs en speciell \'e5tg\'e4rd vilken vanligtvis sparar tid och klickningar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=386\cf0\par
\b Konfigurera\b0\par
V\'e4lj i listan en \'e5tg\'e4rd som du vill tilldela till en slagzon. F\'f6r m\'e5nga \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ingen ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information kr\'e4vs kommer emellertid knappen Konfigurera att vara aktiverad. Klicka p\'e5 knappen Konfigurera n\'e4r som helst f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \'e5tg\'e4rden.\par
Ett antal \'e5tg\'e4rder kan tilldelas till slagzonerna. Det kan \'e4ven finnas andra \'e5tg\'e4rder om du har ett tredjepartsprogram f\'f6r TouchPad\'99-plattan installerat. Om alternativen i listrutan \'e4r nertonade ska du kontrollera att kryssrutan \b Aktivera slagzoner\b0  \'e4r markerad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=387\cf0\par
\b Knappar\b0\par
Standard \'e4r att knapparna fungerar som musknapparna f\'f6r det h\'e4r pekdonet. Om rutan inte \'e4r markerad \'e4r knapparna inaktiverade och n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 dem kommer inget att h\'e4nda. Att sl\'e5 blir det enda s\'e4ttet att klicka med pekdonet.\par
\par
Du kan \'e4ven v\'e4lja att en annan \'e5tg\'e4rd ska utf\'f6ras n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 en knapp. Du kan till exempel definiera att den h\'f6gra knappen ska \'f6ppna en webbplats i standardwebbl\'e4saren. Varje g\'e5ng du klickar med h\'f6ger knapp p\'e5 pekdonet kommer webbl\'e4saren att automatiskt \'f6ppna och l\'e4sa in den angivna sidan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=388\cf0\par
\b Knapp\'e5tg\'e4rd\b0\par
V\'e4lj den \'e5tg\'e4rd i listrutan som du vill tilldela till knappen. Den valda \'e5tg\'e4rden utf\'f6rs varje g\'e5ng du trycker p\'e5 knappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=389\cf0\par
\b Anv\'e4nda egenskapsf\'f6nstret\b0\par
I egenskapsf\'f6nstret g\'f6r du inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r pekdonet. Du anv\'e4nder menytr\'e4det f\'f6r att komma \'e5t de anpassningsbara funktionerna. Dubbelklicka p\'e5 pilen intill en funktion eller dubbelklicka p\'e5 den f\'f6r att se alla alternativ.\par
\par
\b Aktivera eller inaktivera funktioner\b0\par
Markera kryssrutan f\'f6r att aktivera en funktion eller ta bort markeringen f\'f6r att inaktivera.\par
\par
\b Inst\'e4llningar\b0\par
Om det f\'f6r den valda funktionen visas en inst\'e4llningsikon n\'e4r du f\'f6r pekaren \'f6ver den, ska du klicka eller dubbelklicka p\'e5 funktionsnamnet om du vill \'e4ndra inst\'e4llningen. Om du inte kan klicka p\'e5 ikonen ska du kontrollera om kryssrutan och eventuella underordnade kryssrutor \'e4r markerade.\par
\par
\b Hj\'e4lp\b0\par
Du kan klicka p\'e5 fr\'e5getecknet eller hj\'e4lpknappen f\'f6r att f\'e5 mer information.\par
\par
\b Knappen St\'e4ng\b0\par
Med knappen St\'e4ng st\'e4nger du inst\'e4llningsf\'f6nstret. \'c4ndringarna sparas bara om du klickar p\'e5 \b Verkst\'e4ll\b0  eller \b OK\b0  i egenskapsf\'f6nstret.\par
\par
\b Knappen Standard\b0\par
Med knappen Standard i egenskapsf\'f6nstret \'e5terst\'e4ller du alla TouchPad\'99-inst\'e4llningar till standardinst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
Knappen Standard i ett inst\'e4llningsf\'f6nster \'e5terst\'e4ller du alla inst\'e4llningar i det aktuella f\'f6nstret till standardinst\'e4llningarna. \'c4ndringarna sparas bara om du klickar p\'e5 \b Verkst\'e4ll\b0  eller \b OK\b0  i egenskapsf\'f6nstret.\par
\par
\b Knappen OK\b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen OK f\'f6r att spara \'e4ndringarna och st\'e4nga sidan.\par
\par
\b Knappen Avbryt\b0\par
Med knappen Avbryt st\'e4nger du egenskapsf\'f6nstret utan att spara \'e4ndringarna.\par
\par
\b Knappen Verkst\'e4ll\b0\par
Klicka p\'e5 knappen Verkst\'e4ll f\'f6r att spara \'e4ndringarna utan att st\'e4nga egenskapsf\'f6nstret s\'e5 att du kan g\'f6ra fler \'e4ndringar.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=390\cf0\par
\b Rullningshastighet\b0\par
Reglaget Rullningshastighet anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att \'e4ndra hastighet f\'f6r rullnings\'e5tg\'e4rden. Dra reglaget \'e5t h\'f6ger om du vill att rullningen ska ske snabbare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=391\cf0\par
\b Peka\b0\par
Sidorna f\'f6r pekinst\'e4llningar anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att ange vad som ska h\'e4nda med mark\'f6ren n\'e4r du utf\'f6r pek- och markerings\'e5tg\'e4rder.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=392\cf0\par
\b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0\par
Reglaget f\'f6r pekk\'e4nslighet anv\'e4nder du f\'f6r att st\'e4lla in hur h\'e5rt du m\'e5ste trycka p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan innan den reagerar.\par
\par
Om pekaren r\'f6r sig eller klickningen sker p\'e5 ett ober\'e4kneligt s\'e4tt, eller om du arbetar p\'e5 en plats med h\'f6g luftfuktighet, kan du minska k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget mot \b H\'e5rd ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
Om du m\'e5ste trycka alltf\'f6r h\'e5rt f\'f6r att TouchPad\'99-plattan ska reagera, eller om pekplattan inte registrerar alla slag, kan du \'f6ka k\'e4nsligheten genom att f\'f6ra skjutreglaget mot \b L\'e4tt ber\'f6ring\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=393\cf0\par
\b Slagzoner\b0\par
Bilden \'f6ver slagzonerna representerar ytan p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan. Det skuggade omr\'e5det visar slagzonsomr\'e5dena p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattans yta. N\'e4r du placerar ett finger p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan visas pilar l\'e4ngs kanterna p\'e5 bilden f\'f6r att visa var fingret \'e4r placerat. Om fingret \'e4r i ett slagzonsomr\'e5de p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan kommer motsvarande omr\'e5de i bilden att f\'e5 en enhetlig f\'e4rg.\par
\par
Du kan g\'f6ra slagzonsomr\'e5det st\'f6rre eller mindre genom att dra de sm\'e5 svarta fyrkanterna vid det skuggade omr\'e5dets ytterkanter. Om det \'e4r sv\'e5rt att aktivera en \'e5tg\'e4rd i slagzonsomr\'e5det ska du g\'f6ra omr\'e5det st\'f6rre. Om det \'e4r f\'f6r enkelt att aktivera en \'e5tg\'e4rd i slagzonsomr\'e5det ska du g\'f6ra omr\'e5det mindre.\par
\par
Om slagzonsomr\'e5dena \'e4r nertonade och inte kan \'e4ndras ska du kontrollera att kryssrutan \b Aktivera slagzoner\b0  \'e4r markerad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=394\cf0\par
\b Tryck f\'f6r att markera\b0\par
Med funktionen Tryck f\'f6r att markera kan du sl\'e5 och trycka f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra musklickningar.\par
\par
N\'e4r du sl\'e5r p\'e5 eller trycker ner spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget h\'e4nder detsamma som n\'e4r du klickar med den v\'e4nstra musknappen. Det kan g\'e5 snabbare och vara bekv\'e4mare att sl\'e5 eller trycka, \'e4n att anv\'e4nda musen.\par
\par
Att "sl\'e5" betyder att du snabbt f\'f6r ner och tar tillbaka fingret fr\'e5n spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget. Ett l\'e4tt och snabbt slag fungerar b\'e4st. Mycket h\'e5rda eller l\'e5ngsamma slag \'e4r mindre effektiva. Sl\'e5 en g\'e5ng f\'f6r en klickning eller tv\'e5 g\'e5nger i snabb f\'f6ljd f\'f6r att dubbelklickning.\par
\par
Att "trycka" betyder att du snabbt trycker ner p\'e5 spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget med ditt finger. Ett l\'e4tt och avsiktligt tryck fungerar b\'e4st. Tryck rakt ner f\'f6r att simulera att du klickar och h\'e5ller kvar musknappen. Tryck rakt ner och sedan \'e5t sidan f\'f6r att klicka och dra i en riktning. Sl\'e4pp upp n\'e4r du vill sl\'e4ppa upp musknappen.\par
\par
Du kan \'e4ven anv\'e4nda de fysiska knapparna f\'f6r att klicka. Om du avmarkerar kryssrutan \'e4r det endast de fysiska knapparna som det g\'e5r att klicka med.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=395\cf0\par
\b Tryck f\'f6r att endast markera\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat kommer ett tryck p\'e5 spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget att markera objektet, men det kommer inte att \'f6ppnas eller flyttas.\par
\par
\b Tryck f\'f6r att markera och dra\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat kommer ett tryck p\'e5 spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget att markera objektet och beh\'e5lla det markerat s\'e5 att du kan flytta det med pekverktyget. Detta motsvarar att trycka och h\'e5lla ner den v\'e4nstra musknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=396\cf0\par
\b Tryck och markera betyder prim\'e4rklickning\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat kommer, n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget, samma \'e5tg\'e4rd att utf\'f6ras som n\'e4r du klickar med den prim\'e4ra musknappen.\par
\par
\b Tryck och markera betyder sekund\'e4rklickning\b0\par
N\'e4r det h\'e4r alternativet \'e4r markerat kommer, n\'e4r du trycker p\'e5 spetsen p\'e5 pekverktyget, samma \'e5tg\'e4rd att utf\'f6ras som n\'e4r du klickar med den sekund\'e4ra musknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=397\cf0\par
\b Hastighet\b0\par
Med hastighetsreglaget \'e4ndrar du hur snabbt du m\'e5ste trycka p\'e5 pekverktyget f\'f6r att det ska tolkas som en "tryck och markera". \'c4ndra reglaget tills din tryckning registreras korrekt. Om inget tryck registreras flyttar du reglaget mot snabbare.Om allt f\'f6r m\'e5nga tryck registreras flyttar du reglaget mot l\'e5ngsammare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=398\cf0\par
\b Pekk\'e4nslighet\b0\par
Med pekk\'e4nslighetsinst\'e4llningen kontrollerar du hur mycket tryck som kr\'e4vs p\'e5 pekverktyget f\'f6r att flytta pekaren med en speciell hastighet.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=399\cf0\par
\b Tre-fingersflick\b0\par
Tre-fingersflicken f\'f6rb\'e4ttrar navigeringen i olika program. Du kan anv\'e4nda tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r att s\'f6ka p\'e5 internet eller f\'f6r att bl\'e4ddra mellan olika foton i ett bildvisningsprogram. Du kan \'e4ven anv\'e4nda tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r att \'f6ppna och st\'e4nga bildspelsl\'e4get i bildvisningsprogrammet. Markera den h\'e4r rutan f\'f6r att anv\'e4nda tre-fingersflicken f\'f6r navigering och bildspel.\par
\par
Titta p\'e5 videon f\'f6r att l\'e4ra dig hur du utf\'f6r tre-fingersflicken. Se till att fingrarna \'e4r n\'e5got is\'e4r n\'e4r du utf\'f6r den h\'e4r gesten.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=400\cf0\par
V\'e5gr\'e4t tre-fingersflick\par
R\'f6r fingrarna \'e5t h\'f6ger eller v\'e4nster om du vill bl\'e4ddra fram\'e5t eller bak\'e5t i ett visningsprogram eller i en webbl\'e4sare.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=401\cf0\par
Lodr\'e4t tre-fingersflick\par
F\'f6r fingrarna upp\'e5t f\'f6r att starta bildspelsl\'e4get och ned\'e5t f\'f6r att avsluta det.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=402\cf0\par
Anv\'e4nd reglaget f\'f6r att \'e4ndra EdgeMotion\'99-hastighet. Du \'f6kar hastigheten genom att flytta reglaget mot \b Snabb\b0 och minskar den genom att flytta regalget mot \b L\'e5ngsam\b0 .\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=403\cf0\par
N\'e4r du aktiverat l\'e5ngsam r\'f6relse kan du v\'e4lja en tangent i listrutan f\'f6r att att aktivera funktionen. Du anv\'e4nder l\'e5ngsam r\'f6relse genom att h\'e5lla ner den valda tangenten medan du r\'f6r pekaren.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=404\cf0\par
N\'e4r du aktiverat begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse kan du v\'e4lja en tangent i listrutan f\'f6r att aktivera funktionen. Du anv\'e4nder begr\'e4nsad r\'f6relse genom att h\'e5lla ner den valda tangenten medan du r\'f6r pekaren. Den initiala r\'f6relsen anger r\'f6relseriktningen s\'e5 l\'e4nge som du har fingret kvar p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=405\cf0\par
\b F\'f6nster-gest\b0\par
Den h\'e4r gesten anv\'e4nds f\'f6r att minimera alla \'f6ppna f\'f6nster p\'e5 skivbordet. N\'e4r du upprepar \'e5tg\'e4rden \'e5terst\'e4lls f\'f6nstren.\par
\par
S\'e5 h\'e4r anv\'e4nder du f\'f6nster-gesten:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-180\li180\tx180\par
1.\tab Placera fyra fingrar p\'e5 TouchPad\'99-plattan s\'e5 att den n\'e4sta t\'e4cks.\par
2.\tab R\'f6r inte fingrarna f\'f6rr\'e4n f\'f6nstren har minimerats eller \'e5terst\'e4llts.\par
3.\tab Lyft fingrarna fr\'e5n TouchPad\'99-plattan.\par
\pard\tx180\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=406\cf0\par
Med Inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r smarta kontroller kan du minimera o\'f6nskade beteenden hos TouchPad\'99-plattan. Klicka p\'e5 varje funktion f\'f6r att f\'e5 mer information.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=407\cf0\par
Du kan trycka var som helst p\'e5 ClickPad f\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en prim\'e4r-, sekund\'e4r- eller mittenknappsklickning.\par
\par
Genom att trycka med ett finger utf\'f6rs som standard en prim\'e4r klickning. Genom att trycka med tv\'e5 fingrar utf\'f6rs en sekund\'e4r klickning. Genom att trycka med tre fingrar utf\'f6rs en mittenknappsklickning. Markera \b Tv\'e5fingersklickning\b0  och \b Trefingersklickning\b0  och g\'f6r inst\'e4llningarna.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=408\cf0\par
F\'f6r att utf\'f6ra en enfingersklickning trycker du med ett finger p\'e5 ClickPad-ytan tills du k\'e4nner att den ger med sig. En enfingersklickning motsvarar att klicka p\'e5 den prim\'e4ra (vanligtvis v\'e4nstra) musknappen.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=409\cf0\par
En enfingersklickning i det nedre h\'f6gra h\'f6rnet p\'e5 ClickPad-plattan motsvarar att klicka p\'e5 den sekund\'e4ra (vanligtvis h\'f6gra) musknappen.\par
\par
Det g\'e5r att \'e4ndra inst\'e4llningar f\'f6r enfingersklickning i h\'f6rn. Om du vill anv\'e4nda en annan \'e5tg\'e4rd v\'e4ljer du den i listan.\par
\par
F\'f6r vissa \'e5tg\'e4rder erfordras ytterligare konfigurering. Om mer information erfordras aktiveras knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 eller ocks\'e5 visas en dialogruta.\par
\par
Du kan n\'e4r som helst klicka p\'e5 knappen \b Konfigurera \b0 f\'f6r att visa eller \'e4ndra dina inst\'e4llningar.\par
\par
Om du \'e4ndrat inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r att anpassa dem f\'f6r en v\'e4nsterh\'e4nt ska du klicka nere till v\'e4nster p\'e5 ClickPad-plattan.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=410\cf0\par
Anv\'e4nd reglaget f\'f6r att \'e4ndra drivningsavst\'e5ndet. Om du vill rulla l\'e4ngre f\'f6r du reglaget mot \b Max\b0 . Om du vill rulla kortare f\'f6r du reglaget mot \b Min\b0 . Om reglaget inte flyttas ska du kontrollera att Aktivera drivning \'e4r markerad.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=411\cf0\par
\b Enfingersrullning\b0\par
Du kan rulla lodr\'e4tt.\par
\par
Klicka i f\'f6nstret eller p\'e5 en komponent som du vill rulla och f\'f6r sedan fingret upp\'e5t eller ned\'e5t l\'e4ngs h\'f6gerkanten p\'e5 TouchPad-plattan om du vill rulla lodr\'e4tt.\par
\par
Om rullningen inte fungerar ska du kontrollera att r\'e4tt kryssrutor \'e4r markerade och att f\'f6nstret eller komponenten som du markerat g\'e5r att rulla. Kontrollera inst\'e4llningarna f\'f6r \b Rullningsregion \b0 om du har n\'e5got problem.\par
\par
\cf1 ##HelpTopicID=412\cf0\par
}
##EndOfLanguageSection
